(T
(Ten
(Tense
(Tense i
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
(Tense instrumental swell)
(S
(Sha
(Sharp
(Sharp e
(Sharp exh
(Sharp exhal
(Sharp exhale)
>»
>» I
>» I t
>» I tri
>» I tried
>» I tried t
>» I tried to
>» I tried to wa
>» I tried to warn
>» I tried to warn N
>» I tried to warn New
>» I tried to warn New E
>» I tried to warn New Ede
>» I tried to warn New Eden.
(W
(Who
>» I tried to warn New Eden.
(Whoos
(Whoosh)
»>
»> A
(Whoosh)
»> Aud
»> Audre
(Whoosh)
»> Audrey?
»> Audrey? A
(Whoosh)
»> Audrey? Aud
»> Audrey? Audre
(Whoosh)
»> Audrey? Audrey.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Aud
>» Audre
>» Audrey:
>» Audrey: I
>» Audrey: Ins
>» Audrey: Inste
>» Audrey: Instead
>» Audrey: Instead,
>» Audrey: Instead, th
>» Audrey: Instead, they
>» Audrey: Instead, they w
>» Audrey: Instead, they wer
>» Audrey: Instead, they were
bl
blin
>» Audrey: Instead, they were
blinds
blindsid
>» Audrey: Instead, they were
blindsided
blindsided,
>» Audrey: Instead, they were
blindsided, ju
blindsided, just
>» Audrey: Instead, they were
blindsided, just l
blindsided, just lik
>» Audrey: Instead, they were
blindsided, just like
we
we'd
blindsided, just like
we'd b
we'd bee
blindsided, just like
we'd been
we'd been on
blindsided, just like
we'd been on t
we'd been on the
blindsided, just like
we'd been on the t
we'd been on the tra
blindsided, just like
we'd been on the train
we'd been on the train.
♪
La
Layt
Layton
Layton?
»>
»> L
Layton?
»> Lay
»> Layto
Layton?
»> Layton:
»> Layton: Y
Layton?
»> Layton: Yea
»> Layton: Yeah,
Layton?
»> Layton: Yeah, h
»> Layton: Yeah, hey
Layton?
»> Layton: Yeah, hey,
»> Layton: Yeah, hey, Au
Layton?
»> Layton: Yeah, hey, Audr
»> Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey
Layton?
»> Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'
I'm
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'm he
I'm here
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'm here,
I'm here, I'
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'm here, I'm
I'm here, I'm ri
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'm here, I'm righ
I'm here, I'm right
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'm here, I'm right he
I'm here, I'm right here
>» Layton: Yeah, hey, Audrey.
I'm here, I'm right here.
♪
>» They took the train.
(L
(Lig
(Light
(Light b
(Light buz
(Light buzzi
(Light buzzing
(Light buzzing)
♪
(M
(Mix
♪
(Mixed
(Mixed c
♪
(Mixed cla
(Mixed clamo
♪
(Mixed clamour
(Mixed clamourin
♪
(Mixed clamouring)
»>
♪
»> A
»> Aft
♪
»> After
»> After B
♪
»> After Big
»> After Big A
♪
»> After Big Ali
»> After Big Alice
♪
»> After Big Alice l
»> After Big Alice lef
♪
»> After Big Alice left
»> After Big Alice left us
♪
»> After Big Alice left us,
»> After Big Alice left us, we
>» After Big Alice left us, we
ci
circ
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circle
circled
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circled th
circled the
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circled the gl
circled the glob
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circled the globe
circled the globe no
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circled the globe not
circled the globe not kn
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circled the globe not know
circled the globe not knowin
>» After Big Alice left us, we
circled the globe not knowing
wh
whet
circled the globe not knowing
whethe
whether
circled the globe not knowing
whether ou
whether our
circled the globe not knowing
whether our fr
whether our frie
circled the globe not knowing
whether our friend
whether our friends
circled the globe not knowing
whether our friends an
whether our friends and
circled the globe not knowing
whether our friends and lo
whether our friends and love
circled the globe not knowing
whether our friends and loved
on
ones
whether our friends and loved
ones w
ones wer
whether our friends and loved
ones were
ones were al
whether our friends and loved
ones were aliv
ones were alive
whether our friends and loved
ones were alive or
ones were alive or d
whether our friends and loved
ones were alive or dea
ones were alive or dead.
♪
(W
(Win
♪
(Wind
(Wind ho
♪
(Wind howl
(Wind howlin
♪
(Wind howling)
An
And
(Wind howling)
And th
And then
(Wind howling)
And then,
And then, we
(Wind howling)
And then, we w
And then, we wer
(Wind howling)
And then, we were
And then, we were fi
(Wind howling)
And then, we were fina
And then, we were finall
(Wind howling)
And then, we were finally
cl
clos
And then, we were finally
close
close en
And then, we were finally
close enou
close enough
And then, we were finally
close enough t
close enough to
And then, we were finally
close enough to he
close enough to hear
And then, we were finally
close enough to hear f
close enough to hear fro
And then, we were finally
close enough to hear from
close enough to hear from th
And then, we were finally
close enough to hear from them
close enough to hear from them,
al
all
close enough to hear from them,
all of
all of u
close enough to hear from them,
all of us
all of us wa
close enough to hear from them,
all of us wait
all of us waitin
close enough to hear from them,
all of us waiting
all of us waiting fo
close enough to hear from them,
all of us waiting for
all of us waiting for a
close enough to hear from them,
all of us waiting for a si
all of us waiting for a sign
close enough to hear from them,
all of us waiting for a sign.
(W
(Win
all of us waiting for a sign.
(Wind
(Wind ho
all of us waiting for a sign.
(Wind howl
(Wind howlin
all of us waiting for a sign.
(Wind howling)
♪
>»
>» P
>» Pre
>» Pre-f
>» Pre-fre
>» Pre-freez
>» Pre-freeze,
>» Pre-freeze, r
>» Pre-freeze, rad
>» Pre-freeze, radio
>» Pre-freeze, radio s
>» Pre-freeze, radio sta
>» Pre-freeze, radio stati
>» Pre-freeze, radio station
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
us
used
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used b
used bet
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used betwe
used between
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used between 2
used between 25,
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used between 25,00
used between 25,000
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used between 25,000 an
used between 25,000 and
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used between 25,000 and 10
used between 25,000 and 100,
>» Pre-freeze, radio stations
used between 25,000 and 100,00
used between 25,000 and 100,000
Wa
Watt
used between 25,000 and 100,000
Watts
Watts to
used between 25,000 and 100,000
Watts to b
Watts to bro
used between 25,000 and 100,000
Watts to broad
Watts to broadca
used between 25,000 and 100,000
Watts to broadcast
Watts to broadcast.
Ne
New
Watts to broadcast.
New Ed
New Eden
Watts to broadcast.
New Eden m
New Eden mig
Watts to broadcast.
New Eden might
New Eden might b
Watts to broadcast.
New Eden might bro
New Eden might broad
Watts to broadcast.
New Eden might broadca
New Eden might broadcast
Watts to broadcast.
New Eden might broadcast,
be
best
New Eden might broadcast,
best-c
best-cas
New Eden might broadcast,
best-case
best-case sc
New Eden might broadcast,
best-case scen
best-case scenar
New Eden might broadcast,
best-case scenario
best-case scenario,
ab
abou
best-case scenario,
about
about 40
best-case scenario,
about 400
about 400 Wa
best-case scenario,
about 400 Watt
about 400 Watts?
Hi
Hill
about 400 Watts?
Hills,
Hills, m
about 400 Watts?
Hills, mou
Hills, mount
about 400 Watts?
Hills, mountai
Hills, mountains
about 400 Watts?
Hills, mountains,
Hills, mountains, me
about 400 Watts?
Hills, mountains, meta
Hills, mountains, metals
about 400 Watts?
Hills, mountains, metals b
Hills, mountains, metals blo
about 400 Watts?
Hills, mountains, metals block
ra
radi
Hills, mountains, metals block
radio
radio wa
Hills, mountains, metals block
radio wave
radio waves
Hills, mountains, metals block
radio waves co
radio waves comp
Hills, mountains, metals block
radio waves comple
radio waves complete
Hills, mountains, metals block
radio waves completely
radio waves completely.
Th
The
radio waves completely.
The si
The sign
radio waves completely.
The signal
The signal s
radio waves completely.
The signal str
The signal stren
radio waves completely.
The signal strengt
The signal strength'
radio waves completely.
The signal strength's
The signal strength's re
radio waves completely.
The signal strength's redu
The signal strength's reduce
radio waves completely.
The signal strength's reduced
wi
with
The signal strength's reduced
with e
with eve
The signal strength's reduced
with every
with every o
The signal strength's reduced
with every obj
with every objec
The signal strength's reduced
with every object
it
it p
with every object
it pas
it passe
with every object
it passes
it passes th
with every object
it passes thro
it passes throug
with every object
it passes through.
So
So w
it passes through.
So wit
So with
it passes through.
So with 40
So with 400
it passes through.
So with 400 Wa
So with 400 Watt
it passes through.
So with 400 Watts,
it
it's
So with 400 Watts,
it's n
it's not
So with 400 Watts,
it's not e
it's not exa
So with 400 Watts,
it's not exact
it's not exactly
So with 400 Watts,
it's not exactly i
it's not exactly ide
So with 400 Watts,
it's not exactly ideal
it's not exactly ideal,
So with 400 Watts,
it's not exactly ideal, is
it's not exactly ideal, is i
So with 400 Watts,
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»>
»> I
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»> It'
»> It's
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»> It's be
»> It's been
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»> It's been t
»> It's been thr
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»> It's been three
»> It's been three m
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»> It's been three mon
»> It's been three month
it's not exactly ideal, is it?
»> It's been three months.
>» It's been three months.
»>
»> S
>» It's been three months.
»> Sho
»> Short
>» It's been three months.
»> Short w
»> Short wav
>» It's been three months.
»> Short wave'
»> Short wave's
>» It's been three months.
»> Short wave's a
»> Short wave's a cr
>» It's been three months.
»> Short wave's a crap
»> Short wave's a crapsh
>» It's been three months.
»> Short wave's a crapshoo
»> Short wave's a crapshoot.
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»>
»> I
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I n
»> I nee
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I need
»> I need to
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I need to k
»> I need to kno
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I need to know
»> I need to know sh
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I need to know she'
»> I need to know she's
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I need to know she's ok
»> I need to know she's okay
>» Short wave's a crapshoot.
»> I need to know she's okay.
>» I need to know she's okay.
»>
»> T
>» I need to know she's okay.
»> Tam
»> Tamar
>» I need to know she's okay.
»> Tamara.
>» Tamara.
(S
(She
>» Tamara.
(She s
(She sig
>» Tamara.
(She sighs
(She sighs)
Ta
Tama
(She sighs)
Tamara
Tamara,
(She sighs)
Tamara, wh
Tamara, when
(She sighs)
Tamara, when w
Tamara, when we
(She sighs)
Tamara, when we pa
Tamara, when we pass
(She sighs)
Tamara, when we pass t
Tamara, when we pass the
tu
turn
Tamara, when we pass the
turnin
turning
Tamara, when we pass the
turning of
turning off
Tamara, when we pass the
turning off wi
turning off with
Tamara, when we pass the
turning off with N
turning off with New
Tamara, when we pass the
turning off with New E
turning off with New Ede
Tamara, when we pass the
turning off with New Eden,
it
it's
turning off with New Eden,
it's o
it's our
turning off with New Eden,
it's our b
it's our bes
turning off with New Eden,
it's our best
it's our best sh
turning off with New Eden,
it's our best shot
it's our best shot a
turning off with New Eden,
it's our best shot at
ma
maki
it's our best shot at
making
making c
it's our best shot at
making con
making conta
it's our best shot at
making contact
making contact.
♪
>»
>» A
>» And
>» And i
>» And if
>» And if we
>» And if we d
>» And if we don
>» And if we don't
>» And if we don't g
>» And if we don't get
>» And if we don't get a
>» And if we don't get a s
>» And if we don't get a sig
>» And if we don't get a signa
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»>
»> I
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If
»> If we
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If we d
»> If we don
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If we don't
»> If we don't g
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If we don't get
»> If we don't get a
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If we don't get a s
»> If we don't get a sig
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If we don't get a signa
»> If we don't get a signal.
>» And if we don't get a signal?
»> If we don't get a signal...
>» If we don't get a signal...
..
..we
>» If we don't get a signal...
..we'l
..we'll
>» If we don't get a signal...
..we'll he
..we'll hear
>» If we don't get a signal...
..we'll hear f
..we'll hear fro
>» If we don't get a signal...
..we'll hear from
..we'll hear from th
>» If we don't get a signal...
..we'll hear from them
on
on o
..we'll hear from them
on our
on our n
..we'll hear from them
on our nex
on our next
..we'll hear from them
on our next re
on our next revo
..we'll hear from them
on our next revolu
on our next revoluti
..we'll hear from them
on our next revolution
on our next revolution.
»>
»> Y
on our next revolution.
»> You
»> You k
on our next revolution.
»> You kno
»> You know,
on our next revolution.
»> You know, f
»> You know, for
on our next revolution.
»> You know, for a
»> You know, for a m
on our next revolution.
»> You know, for a min
»> You know, for a mind
on our next revolution.
»> You know, for a mind re
»> You know, for a mind read
on our next revolution.
»> You know, for a mind reader
»> You know, for a mind reader,
>» You know, for a mind reader,
so
some
>» You know, for a mind reader,
someti
sometime
>» You know, for a mind reader,
sometimes
sometimes I
>» You know, for a mind reader,
sometimes I ha
sometimes I have
>» You know, for a mind reader,
sometimes I have n
sometimes I have no
>» You know, for a mind reader,
sometimes I have no id
sometimes I have no idea
>» You know, for a mind reader,
sometimes I have no idea w
sometimes I have no idea wha
>» You know, for a mind reader,
sometimes I have no idea what'
sometimes I have no idea what's
go
goin
sometimes I have no idea what's
going
going on
sometimes I have no idea what's
going on i
going on in
sometimes I have no idea what's
going on in th
going on in that
sometimes I have no idea what's
going on in that h
going on in that hea
sometimes I have no idea what's
going on in that head
going on in that head of
sometimes I have no idea what's
going on in that head of y
going on in that head of you
sometimes I have no idea what's
going on in that head of yours
going on in that head of yours.
»>
»> O
going on in that head of yours.
»> Oka
»> Okay.
>» Okay.
Ro
Rock
>» Okay.
Rock.
Rock. Ro
>» Okay.
Rock. Rock
Rock. Rock.
Pu
Puff
Rock. Rock.
Puffy
Puffy cl
Rock. Rock.
Puffy clou
Puffy clouds
Rock. Rock.
Puffy clouds,
Puffy clouds, ti
Rock. Rock.
Puffy clouds, tiny
Puffy clouds, tiny s
Rock. Rock.
Puffy clouds, tiny shr
Puffy clouds, tiny shrub
ne
next
Puffy clouds, tiny shrub
next t
next to
Puffy clouds, tiny shrub
next to a
next to a ro
Puffy clouds, tiny shrub
next to a rock
next to a rock.
»>
»> I
next to a rock.
»> I f
»> I fee
next to a rock.
»> I feel
»> I feel so
next to a rock.
»> I feel so m
»> I feel so muc
next to a rock.
»> I feel so much
»> I feel so much cl
next to a rock.
»> I feel so much clos
»> I feel so much closer
>» I feel so much closer
to
to y
>» I feel so much closer
to you
to you n
>» I feel so much closer
to you now
to you now.
»>
»> M
to you now.
»> Mm-
»> Mm-hm
to you now.
»> Mm-hmm.
»> Mm-hmm. C
to you now.
»> Mm-hmm. Com
»> Mm-hmm. Come
to you now.
»> Mm-hmm. Come on
»> Mm-hmm. Come on.
>» Mm-hmm. Come on.
Le
Let'
>» Mm-hmm. Come on.
Let's
Let's go
>» Mm-hmm. Come on.
Let's go t
Let's go to
>» Mm-hmm. Come on.
Let's go to be
Let's go to bed.
♪
>»
>» W
>» We
>» We wa
>» We wait
>» We waited
>» We waited m
>» We waited mon
>» We waited month
>» We waited month a
>» We waited month aft
>» We waited month after
>» We waited month after m
>» We waited month after mon
>» We waited month after month
>» We waited month after month,
th
the
>» We waited month after month,
the gu
the guil
>» We waited month after month,
the guilt
the guilt we
>» We waited month after month,
the guilt weig
the guilt weighi
>» We waited month after month,
the guilt weighing
the guilt weighing u
>» We waited month after month,
the guilt weighing us
the guilt weighing us do
>» We waited month after month,
the guilt weighing us down
the guilt weighing us down.
An
And
the guilt weighing us down.
And wh
And when
the guilt weighing us down.
And when w
And when we
the guilt weighing us down.
And when we fi
And when we fina
the guilt weighing us down.
And when we finall
And when we finally
the guilt weighing us down.
And when we finally di
And when we finally did
the guilt weighing us down.
And when we finally did ge
And when we finally did get
a
a si
And when we finally did get
a sign
a sign o
And when we finally did get
a sign of
a sign of li
And when we finally did get
a sign of life
a sign of life,
And when we finally did get
a sign of life, it
a sign of life, it w
And when we finally did get
a sign of life, it was
a sign of life, it wasn'
And when we finally did get
a sign of life, it wasn't
fr
from
a sign of life, it wasn't
from N
from New
a sign of life, it wasn't
from New E
from New Ede
a sign of life, it wasn't
from New Eden.
♪ Each time someone
speaks your name ♪
(D
(Dis
(Dista
(Distant
(Distant b
(Distant boo
(Distant boom)
(L
(Lou
(Loud
(Loud ba
(Loud bang
(Loud bang)
(T
(Ten
(Loud bang)
(Tense
(Tense i
(Loud bang)
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
(Loud bang)
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
(Loud bang)
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
(Loud bang)
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
(Loud bang)
(Tense instrumental swell)
(T
(Tra
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Train
(Train h
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Train his
(Train hisse
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Train hisses)
»>
»> R
(Train hisses)
»> Rad
»> Radia
(Train hisses)
»> Radiati
»> Radiation
(Train hisses)
»> Radiation l
»> Radiation lev
(Train hisses)
»> Radiation level
»> Radiation levels,
(Train hisses)
»> Radiation levels, s
»> Radiation levels, swa
(Train hisses)
»> Radiation levels, swab,
>» Radiation levels, swab,
th
the
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the sp
the span
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the span o
the span of
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the span of th
the span of the
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the span of the de
the span of the debr
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the span of the debris
the span of the debris f
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the span of the debris fie
the span of the debris field
>» Radiation levels, swab,
the span of the debris field.
»>
»> D
the span of the debris field.
»> Don
»> Don't
the span of the debris field.
»> Don't a
»> Don't ask
the span of the debris field.
»> Don't ask m
»> Don't ask me,
the span of the debris field.
»> Don't ask me, I
»> Don't ask me, I'm
the span of the debris field.
»> Don't ask me, I'm j
»> Don't ask me, I'm jus
the span of the debris field.
»> Don't ask me, I'm just
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a
a sp
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a spot
a spotte
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a spotter,
a spotter, i
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a spotter, in
a spotter, in ca
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a spotter, in case
a spotter, in case y
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a spotter, in case you
a spotter, in case you f
>» Don't ask me, I'm just
a spotter, in case you fal
a spotter, in case you fall
in
in a
a spotter, in case you fall
in a h
in a hol
a spotter, in case you fall
in a hole
in a hole ag
a spotter, in case you fall
in a hole agai
in a hole again.
»>
»> W
in a hole again.
»> We'
»> We're
in a hole again.
»> We're a
»> We're app
in a hole again.
»> We're appro
»> We're approac
in a hole again.
»> We're approachi
»> We're approaching
in a hole again.
»> We're approaching d
»> We're approaching dro
in a hole again.
»> We're approaching drop
»> We're approaching drop of
in a hole again.
»> We're approaching drop off.
>» We're approaching drop off.
On
Once
>» We're approaching drop off.
Once y
Once you
>» We're approaching drop off.
Once you'r
Once you're
>» We're approaching drop off.
Once you're ou
Once you're out,
>» We're approaching drop off.
Once you're out, y
Once you're out, you
>» We're approaching drop off.
Once you're out, you'l
Once you're out, you'll
>» We're approaching drop off.
Once you're out, you'll se
Once you're out, you'll see
a
a th
Once you're out, you'll see
a thic
a thick
Once you're out, you'll see
a thick bl
a thick blac
Once you're out, you'll see
a thick black
a thick black cl
Once you're out, you'll see
a thick black clou
a thick black cloud
Once you're out, you'll see
a thick black cloud ho
a thick black cloud hove
Once you're out, you'll see
a thick black cloud hoveri
a thick black cloud hovering
ov
over
a thick black cloud hovering
over t
over the
a thick black cloud hovering
over the c
over the cra
a thick black cloud hovering
over the crash
over the crash s
a thick black cloud hovering
over the crash sit
over the crash site.
»>
»> B
over the crash site.
»> Ben
»> Ben:
over the crash site.
»> Ben: We
»> Ben: We'l
over the crash site.
»> Ben: We'll
»> Ben: We'll fo
over the crash site.
»> Ben: We'll foll
»> Ben: We'll follow
over the crash site.
»> Ben: We'll follow i
»> Ben: We'll follow it.
>» Ben: We'll follow it.
»>
»> B
>» Ben: We'll follow it.
»> Bra
»> Braki
>» Ben: We'll follow it.
»> Braking
»> Braking t
>» Ben: We'll follow it.
»> Braking to
»> Braking to fu
>» Ben: We'll follow it.
»> Braking to full
»> Braking to full s
>» Ben: We'll follow it.
»> Braking to full sto
»> Braking to full stop.
(Train brakes screech)
(Outer door hisses open)
(Snowmobiles humming)
>»
>» S
>» Sno
>» Snowp
>» Snowpie
>» Snowpierc
>» Snowpiercer
>» Snowpiercer,
>» Snowpiercer, th
>» Snowpiercer, this
>» Snowpiercer, this i
>» Snowpiercer, this is
>» Snowpiercer, this is Be
>» Snowpiercer, this is Ben.
Do
Do y
>» Snowpiercer, this is Ben.
Do you
Do you r
>» Snowpiercer, this is Ben.
Do you rea
Do you read
>» Snowpiercer, this is Ben.
Do you read me
Do you read me?
Me
Mel,
Do you read me?
Mel, d
Mel, do
Do you read me?
Mel, do yo
Mel, do you
Do you read me?
Mel, do you co
Mel, do you copy
Do you read me?
Mel, do you copy?
Mel, do you copy? Co
Do you read me?
Mel, do you copy? Come
Mel, do you copy? Come i
Do you read me?
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»>
»> M
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»> Mel
»> Melan
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»> Melanie
»> Melanie:
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»> Melanie: He
»> Melanie: Hey,
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»> Melanie: Hey, s
»> Melanie: Hey, sca
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»> Melanie: Hey, scave
»> Melanie: Hey, scaveng
Mel, do you copy? Come in.
»> Melanie: Hey, scavenger
»> Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
Yo
You
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
You on
You on y
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
You on you
You on your
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
You on your wa
You on your way
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
You on your way ba
You on your way back
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
You on your way back y
You on your way back yet
>» Melanie: Hey, scavengers.
You on your way back yet?
♪
Be
Ben,
♪
Ben, T
Ben, Til
♪
Ben, Till.
Do
Do y
Ben, Till.
Do you
Do you c
Ben, Till.
Do you cop
Do you copy?
It
It's
Do you copy?
It's S
It's Sno
Do you copy?
It's Snowp
It's Snowpie
Do you copy?
It's Snowpierc
It's Snowpiercer
Do you copy?
It's Snowpiercer,
It's Snowpiercer, co
Do you copy?
It's Snowpiercer, come
It's Snowpiercer, come i
Do you copy?
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»>
»> I
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'l
»> I'll
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'll ch
»> I'll chec
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'll check
»> I'll check th
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'll check the
»> I'll check the ba
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'll check the back
»> I'll check the back c
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'll check the back cha
»> I'll check the back chann
It's Snowpiercer, come in.
»> I'll check the back channel
»> I'll check the back channels.
>» I'll check the back channels.
(L
(Lou
>» I'll check the back channels.
(Loud
(Loud bu
>» I'll check the back channels.
(Loud buzz
(Loud buzzin
>» I'll check the back channels.
(Loud buzzing)
♪
>»
>» N
>» Not
>» Nothi
>» Nothing
>» Nothing.
»>
»> T
>» Nothing.
»> Til
»> Till:
>» Nothing.
»> Till: H
»> Till: Hol
>» Nothing.
»> Till: Holy
»> Till: Holy sh
>» Nothing.
»> Till: Holy shit
»> Till: Holy shit.
>» Till: Holy shit.
(T
(Ten
>» Till: Holy shit.
(Tense
(Tense i
>» Till: Holy shit.
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
>» Till: Holy shit.
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
>» Till: Holy shit.
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
>» Till: Holy shit.
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
>» Till: Holy shit.
(Tense instrumental swell)
»>
»> T
(Tense instrumental swell)
»> The
»> The e
(Tense instrumental swell)
»> The eng
»> The engin
(Tense instrumental swell)
»> The engine
»> The engine ca
(Tense instrumental swell)
»> The engine can'
»> The engine can't
(Tense instrumental swell)
»> The engine can't id
»> The engine can't idle
>» The engine can't idle
fo
for
>» The engine can't idle
for mu
for much
>» The engine can't idle
for much l
for much lon
>» The engine can't idle
for much longe
for much longer.
♪
Re
Rele
Releas
Release
Release sa
Release safe
Release safeti
Release safeties
Release safeties o
Release safeties on
Release safeties on al
Release safeties on all
Release safeties on all co
Release safeties on all code
lo
lock
Release safeties on all code
locks
locks an
Release safeties on all code
locks and
locks and ba
Release safeties on all code
locks and bay
locks and bay do
Release safeties on all code
locks and bay door
locks and bay doors,
Release safeties on all code
locks and bay doors, p
locks and bay doors, ple
Release safeties on all code
locks and bay doors, pleas
locks and bay doors, please.
Th
Thei
locks and bay doors, please.
Their
Their co
locks and bay doors, please.
Their comm
Their comms
locks and bay doors, please.
Their comms mu
Their comms must
locks and bay doors, please.
Their comms must b
Their comms must be
locks and bay doors, please.
Their comms must be do
Their comms must be down
locks and bay doors, please.
Their comms must be down.
♪
(H
(Hat
(Hatch
(Hatch h
(Hatch his
(Hatch hisse
(Hatch hisses)
»>
»> T
(Hatch hisses)
»> The
»> They'
(Hatch hisses)
»> They're
»> They're b
(Hatch hisses)
»> They're boa
»> They're board
(Hatch hisses)
»> They're boardin
»> They're boarding.
>» They're boarding.
(M
(Mel
>» They're boarding.
(Mel s
(Mel sig
>» They're boarding.
(Mel sighs
(Mel sighs)
»>
»> O
(Mel sighs)
»> Oka
»> Okay
(Mel sighs)
»> Okay th
»> Okay then
(Mel sighs)
»> Okay then.
>» Okay then.
Th
They
>» Okay then.
They'r
They're
>» Okay then.
They're wi
They're with
>» Okay then.
They're with u
They're with us.
♪
(F
(Foo
(Foots
(Footste
(Footsteps
(Footsteps p
(Footsteps pat
(Footsteps patte
(Footsteps patteri
(Footsteps pattering
(Footsteps pattering)
(D
(Doo
(Footsteps pattering)
(Door
(Door hi
(Footsteps pattering)
(Door hiss
(Door hisses
(Footsteps pattering)
(Door hisses)
♪
>»
>» A
>» Adm
>» Admir
>» Admiral
>» Admiral A
>» Admiral Ant
>» Admiral Anton
>» Admiral Anton M
>» Admiral Anton Mil
>» Admiral Anton Miliu
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
In
Inte
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
Intern
Internat
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
Internatio
Internationa
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
International
International Pe
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
International Peac
International Peacek
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
International Peacekee
International Peacekeepi
>» Admiral Anton Milius,
International Peacekeeping
Fo
Forc
International Peacekeeping
Forces
Forces.
International Peacekeeping
Forces. Ev
Forces. Ever
International Peacekeeping
Forces. Everyo
Forces. Everyone
International Peacekeeping
Forces. Everyone r
Forces. Everyone rem
International Peacekeeping
Forces. Everyone remai
Forces. Everyone remain
International Peacekeeping
Forces. Everyone remain ca
Forces. Everyone remain calm
International Peacekeeping
Forces. Everyone remain calm.
Ev
Ever
Forces. Everyone remain calm.
Everyo
Everyone
Forces. Everyone remain calm.
Everyone e
Everyone exc
Forces. Everyone remain calm.
Everyone excep
Everyone except
Forces. Everyone remain calm.
Everyone except yo
Everyone except you
Forces. Everyone remain calm.
Everyone except you tw
Everyone except you two.
Ta
Take
Everyone except you two.
Take m
Take me
Everyone except you two.
Take me to
Take me to M
Everyone except you two.
Take me to Mel
Take me to Melan
Everyone except you two.
Take me to Melanie
Take me to Melanie C
Everyone except you two.
Take me to Melanie Cav
Take me to Melanie Cavil
Everyone except you two.
Take me to Melanie Cavill.
♪
(B
(Ben
(Ben g
(Ben gru
(Ben grunt
(Ben grunts)
(E
(Eng
(Ben grunts)
(Engin
(Engines
(Ben grunts)
(Engines p
(Engines pow
(Ben grunts)
(Engines power
(Engines power o
(Ben grunts)
(Engines power on)
(F
(Foo
(Engines power on)
(Foots
(Footste
(Engines power on)
(Footsteps
(Footsteps p
(Engines power on)
(Footsteps pat
(Footsteps patte
(Engines power on)
(Footsteps patteri
(Footsteps pattering
(Engines power on)
(Footsteps pattering)
♪
(B
(Ben
(Ben g
(Ben gru
(Ben grunt
(Ben grunts)
(H
(Har
(Ben grunts)
(Hard
(Hard th
(Ben grunts)
(Hard thud
(Hard thud)
(G
(Gun
(Hard thud)
(Gun c
(Gun cli
(Hard thud)
(Gun click
(Gun clicks)
»>
»> P
(Gun clicks)
»> Put
»> Put t
(Gun clicks)
»> Put tha
»> Put that
(Gun clicks)
»> Put that do
»> Put that down
>» Put that down
or
or y
>» Put that down
or you
or you g
>» Put that down
or you get
or you get s
>» Put that down
or you get sho
or you get shot.
(H
(Hea
or you get shot.
(Heavy
(Heavy t
or you get shot.
(Heavy thu
(Heavy thuds
or you get shot.
(Heavy thuds)
(G
(Gun
(Heavy thuds)
(Gun f
(Gun fir
(Heavy thuds)
(Gun fires
(Gun fires)
(T
(Til
(Gun fires)
(Till
(Till gr
(Gun fires)
(Till groa
(Till groans
(Gun fires)
(Till groans)
»>
»> T
(Till groans)
»> Til
»> Till!
>» Till!
Ti
Till
>» Till!
Till!
(P
(Pho
Till!
(Phone
(Phone z
Till!
(Phone zap
(Phone zaps)
»>
»> A
(Phone zaps)
»> Aud
»> Audre
(Phone zaps)
»> Audrey:
»> Audrey: T
(Phone zaps)
»> Audrey: The
»> Audrey: The n
(Phone zaps)
»> Audrey: The nig
»> Audrey: The night
(Phone zaps)
»> Audrey: The night b
»> Audrey: The night bef
(Phone zaps)
»> Audrey: The night befor
»> Audrey: The night before
>» Audrey: The night before
Me
Mela
>» Audrey: The night before
Melani
Melanie
>» Audrey: The night before
Melanie sa
Melanie saw
>» Audrey: The night before
Melanie saw th
Melanie saw the
>» Audrey: The night before
Melanie saw the ro
Melanie saw the rock
>» Audrey: The night before
Melanie saw the rocket
Melanie saw the rocket w
>» Audrey: The night before
Melanie saw the rocket was
Melanie saw the rocket was t
>» Audrey: The night before
Melanie saw the rocket was the
la
last
Melanie saw the rocket was the
last w
last we
Melanie saw the rocket was the
last we kn
last we knew
Melanie saw the rocket was the
last we knew o
last we knew of
Melanie saw the rocket was the
last we knew of pe
last we knew of peac
Melanie saw the rocket was the
last we knew of peace.
An
And
last we knew of peace.
And wi
And with
last we knew of peace.
And with a
And with a s
last we knew of peace.
And with a sin
And with a singl
last we knew of peace.
And with a single
And with a single sh
last we knew of peace.
And with a single shot
And with a single shot,
th
the
And with a single shot,
the pe
the peac
And with a single shot,
the peace
the peace en
And with a single shot,
the peace ende
the peace ended
And with a single shot,
the peace ended on
the peace ended on S
And with a single shot,
the peace ended on Sno
the peace ended on Snowp
And with a single shot,
the peace ended on Snowpie
the peace ended on Snowpierc
And with a single shot,
the peace ended on Snowpiercer
the peace ended on Snowpiercer,
879 ca
879 cars
the peace ended on Snowpiercer,
879 cars l
879 cars lon
the peace ended on Snowpiercer,
879 cars long.
(Tense synth music)
♪
♪ ♪
>»
>» O
>» Oka
>» Okay,
>» Okay, o
>» Okay, oka
>» Okay, okay.
(T
(Til
(Till
(Till ga
(Till gasp
(Till gaspin
(Till gasping)
I'
I'm
I'm go
I'm gonn
I'm gonna
I'm gonna ha
I'm gonna have
I'm gonna have t
I'm gonna have to
I'm gonna have to pu
I'm gonna have to put
I'm gonna have to put a
I'm gonna have to put a lo
I'm gonna have to put a lot
I'm gonna have to put a lot of
pr
pres
pressu
pressure
pressure o
pressure on
pressure on it
pressure on it,
pressure on it, ok
pressure on it, okay
pressure on it, okay?
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You n
>» You nee
>» You need
>» You need to
>» You need to w
>» You need to war
>» You need to warn
>» You need to warn Me
>» You need to warn Mela
>» You need to warn Melani
>» You need to warn Melanie.
>»
>» N
>» No,
>» No, I
>» No, I a
>» No, I am
>» No, I am no
>» No, I am not
>» No, I am not le
>» No, I am not leav
>» No, I am not leavin
>» No, I am not leaving
>» No, I am not leaving yo
>» No, I am not leaving you
he
here
here a
here alo
here alone
here alone w
here alone wit
here alone with
here alone with th
here alone with this
here alone with this.
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's ok
>» It's okay
>» It's okay,
>» It's okay, he
>» It's okay, he b
>» It's okay, he bar
>» It's okay, he barel
>» It's okay, he barely
ni
nick
nicked
nicked m
nicked me.
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What
>» What ar
>» What are
>» What are yo
>» What are you
>» What are you do
>» What are you doin
>» What are you doing?
No
No,
No, si
No, sit
No, sit ba
No, sit back
No, sit back d
No, sit back dow
No, sit back down!
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You n
>» You nee
>» You need
>» You need to
>» You need to g
>» You need to go
>» You need to go be
>» You need to go befo
>» You need to go before
it
it's
it's t
it's too
it's too l
it's too lat
it's too late.
>»
>» I
>» I h
>» I hav
>» I have
>» I have to
>» I have to s
>» I have to sto
>» I have to stop
>» I have to stop th
>» I have to stop the
>» I have to stop the bl
>» I have to stop the blee
>» I have to stop the bleedi
>» I have to stop the bleeding
>» I have to stop the bleeding.
>»
>» N
>» No.
>» No. T
>» No. The
>» No. They'
>» No. They're
>» No. They're g
>» No. They're gon
>» No. They're gonna
ta
take
take t
take the
take the e
take the eng
take the engin
take the engine,
take the engine, j
take the engine, jus
take the engine, just
take the engine, just go
take the engine, just go.
Ju
Just
Just g
Just go!
♪
♪ ♪
(P
(Pho
(Phone
(Phone b
(Phone buz
(Phone buzzi
(Phone buzzing
(Phone buzzing)
(E
(Ele
(Elect
(Electro
(Electroni
(Electronic
(Electronic be
(Electronic beep
(Electronic beep)
>»
>» H
>» Hel
>» Hello
>» Hello?
>»
>» H
>» Hel
>» Hello
>» Hello!?
♪
He
Hell
Hello!
Hello!?
Sh
Shit
Shit!
(P
(Pho
(Phone
(Phone b
(Phone buz
(Phone buzzi
(Phone buzzing
(Phone buzzing)
(P
(Pho
(Phone
(Phone c
(Phone cli
(Phone click
(Phone clicks)
>»
>» L
>» Let
>» Let's
>» Let's r
>» Let's reb
>» Let's reboo
>» Let's reboot
>» Let's reboot th
>» Let's reboot the
>» Let's reboot the co
>» Let's reboot the comm
>» Let's reboot the comm s
>» Let's reboot the comm sys
>» Let's reboot the comm syste
>» Let's reboot the comm system.
(K
(Key
(Keys
(Keys cl
(Keys clac
(Keys clacki
(Keys clacking
(Keys clacking)
(F
(Foo
(Foots
(Footste
(Footsteps
(Footsteps m
(Footsteps mar
(Footsteps march
(Footsteps marchin
(Footsteps marching)
>»
>» E
>» Eva
>» Evacu
>» Evacuat
>» Evacuate
>» Evacuate Fi
>» Evacuate Firs
>» Evacuate First
>» Evacuate First Cl
>» Evacuate First Clas
>» Evacuate First Class!
Pl
Plea
Please
Please a
Please and
Please and t
Please and tha
Please and thank
Please and thank y
Please and thank you
Please and thank you.
♪
>»
>» U
>» Um,
>» Um, u
>» Um, uh,
>» Um, uh, a
>» Um, uh, as
>» Um, uh, as he
>» Um, uh, as head
>» Um, uh, as head o
>» Um, uh, as head of
ho
hosp
hospit
hospital
hospitalit
hospitality,
hospitality, i
hospitality, it
hospitality, it is
hospitality, it is m
hospitality, it is my
hospitality, it is my du
hospitality, it is my duty
to
to i
to inf
to infor
to inform
to inform yo
to inform you
to inform you th
to inform you that
to inform you that a
to inform you that all
to inform you that all n
to inform you that all new
pa
pass
passen
passenge
passengers
passengers m
passengers mus
passengers must
passengers must re
passengers must repo
passengers must report
passengers must report t
passengers must report to
passengers must report to th
passengers must report to the-
passengers must report to the--
(F
(Foo
(Foots
(Footste
(Footsteps
(Footsteps m
(Footsteps mar
(Footsteps march
(Footsteps marchin
(Footsteps marching)
(T
(Ten
(Tense
(Tense i
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
(Tense instrumental swell)
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door cl
(Door clic
(Door clicks
(Door clicks)
(H
(He
(He ye
(He yelp
(He yelps)
>»
>» S
>» Shh
>» Shh!
Wh
Wher
Where'
Where's
Where's th
Where's the
Where's the pa
Where's the pani
Where's the panic
Where's the panic bu
Where's the panic butt
Where's the panic button
Where's the panic button?
>»
>» P
>» Pan
>» Panic
>» Panic b
>» Panic but
>» Panic butto
>» Panic button?
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You k
>» You kno
>» You know,
>» You know, t
>» You know, to
>» You know, to th
>» You know, to the
>» You know, to the en
>» You know, to the engi
>» You know, to the engine
>» You know, to the engine r
>» You know, to the engine roo
>» You know, to the engine room.
>»
>» U
>» Und
>» Under
>» Under t
>» Under the
>» Under the d
>» Under the des
>» Under the desk.
(T
(Tra
(Train
(Train h
(Train hum
(Train hummi
(Train humming
(Train humming)
(A
(Ala
(Alarm
(Alarm b
(Alarm bee
(Alarm beeps
(Alarm beeps)
>»
>» G
>» Get
>» Get t
>» Get to
>» Get to yo
>» Get to your
>» Get to your q
>» Get to your qua
>» Get to your quart
>» Get to your quarter
>» Get to your quarters.
Fa
Fast
Fast.
(C
(Com
(Compu
(Compute
(Computers
(Computers b
(Computers bee
(Computers beepi
(Computers beeping
(Computers beeping)
(P
(Pas
(Passe
(Passeng
(Passenger
(Passengers
(Passengers cl
(Passengers clam
(Passengers clamou
(Passengers clamouri
(Passengers clamouring
(Passengers clamouring)
>»
>» M
>» Mil
>» Miliu
>» Milius:
>» Milius: A
>» Milius: All
>» Milius: All p
>» Milius: All pas
>» Milius: All passe
>» Milius: All passeng
>» Milius: All passenger
>» Milius: All passengers
ev
evac
evacua
evacuate
evacuate F
evacuate Fir
evacuate First
evacuate First C
evacuate First Cla
evacuate First Class
evacuate First Class.
Mo
Move
Move a
Move alo
Move along
Move along,
Move along, pl
Move along, plea
Move along, please
Move along, please.
(T
(Ten
(Tense
(Tense i
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
(Tense instrumental st
(Tense instrumental stin
(Tense instrumental sting)
(K
(Key
(Keys
(Keys cl
(Keys clac
(Keys clacki
(Keys clacking
(Keys clacking)
(M
(Mel
(Melan
(Melanie
(Melanie g
(Melanie gas
(Melanie gasps
(Melanie gasps)
♪
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door hi
(Door hiss
(Door hisses
(Door hisses)
(Vault door hisses, clicks)
♪
>» Milius: This is Admiral
An
Anto
Anton
Anton Mi
Anton Mili
Anton Milius
Anton Milius,
Anton Milius, I
Anton Milius, I ne
Anton Milius, I need
Anton Milius, I need y
Anton Milius, I need you
Anton Milius, I need you t
Anton Milius, I need you to
Anton Milius, I need you to op
Anton Milius, I need you to open
th
that
that d
that doo
that door
that door im
that door imme
that door immedi
that door immediat
that door immediatel
that door immediately.
Th
The
that door immediately.
The tr
The trai
that door immediately.
The train
The train ha
that door immediately.
The train has
The train has to
that door immediately.
The train has to m
The train has to mak
that door immediately.
The train has to make
The train has to make a
that door immediately.
The train has to make a tu
The train has to make a turn
co
comi
The train has to make a turn
coming
coming u
The train has to make a turn
coming up.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm g
>» I'm gon
>» I'm gonna
>» I'm gonna n
>» I'm gonna nee
>» I'm gonna need
>» I'm gonna need mo
>» I'm gonna need more
in
info
>» I'm gonna need more
inform
informat
>» I'm gonna need more
informatio
information,
>» I'm gonna need more
information, A
information, Adm
>» I'm gonna need more
information, Admir
information, Admiral
>» I'm gonna need more
information, Admiral.
»>
»> N
information, Admiral.
»> No,
»> No, y
information, Admiral.
»> No, you
»> No, you d
information, Admiral.
»> No, you do
»> No, you do no
information, Admiral.
»> No, you do not.
>» No, you do not.
I'
I'm
>» No, you do not.
I'm on
I'm on t
>» No, you do not.
I'm on the
I'm on the c
>» No, you do not.
I'm on the clo
I'm on the clock
>» No, you do not.
I'm on the clock,
I'm on the clock, Ms
>» No, you do not.
I'm on the clock, Ms.
I'm on the clock, Ms. Ca
>» No, you do not.
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavi
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavill
>» No, you do not.
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavill,
an
and
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavill,
and no
and now
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavill,
and now so
and now so a
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavill,
and now so are
and now so are y
I'm on the clock, Ms. Cavill,
and now so are you
and now so are you.
Yo
You
and now so are you.
You ha
You have
and now so are you.
You have 3
You have 30
and now so are you.
You have 30 se
You have 30 seco
and now so are you.
You have 30 second
You have 30 seconds.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You'r
>» You're
>» You're on
>» You're on m
>» You're on my
>» You're on my tr
>» You're on my trai
>» You're on my train.
My
My e
>» You're on my train.
My eng
My engin
>» You're on my train.
My engine.
»>
»> T
My engine.
»> Thi
»> This
My engine.
»> This is
»> This is a
My engine.
»> This is an
»> This is an in
My engine.
»> This is an inte
»> This is an intern
My engine.
»> This is an internat
»> This is an internatio
My engine.
»> This is an internationa
»> This is an international
>» This is an international
pe
peac
>» This is an international
peace-
peace-ke
>» This is an international
peace-keep
peace-keepin
>» This is an international
peace-keeping
peace-keeping mi
>» This is an international
peace-keeping miss
peace-keeping missio
>» This is an international
peace-keeping mission.
We
We a
peace-keeping mission.
We are
We are a
peace-keeping mission.
We are aut
We are autho
peace-keeping mission.
We are authori
We are authorise
peace-keeping mission.
We are authorised
We are authorised to
peace-keeping mission.
We are authorised to u
We are authorised to use
peace-keeping mission.
We are authorised to use f
We are authorised to use for
peace-keeping mission.
We are authorised to use force
We are authorised to use force.
»>
»> I
We are authorised to use force.
»> It'
»> It's
We are authorised to use force.
»> It's a
»> It's a va
We are authorised to use force.
»> It's a vaul
»> It's a vault
We are authorised to use force.
»> It's a vault do
»> It's a vault door
We are authorised to use force.
»> It's a vault door.
>» It's a vault door.
Yo
You
>» It's a vault door.
You ca
You can'
>» It's a vault door.
You can't
You can't br
>» It's a vault door.
You can't brea
You can't breach
>» It's a vault door.
You can't breach i
You can't breach it.
»>
»> M
You can't breach it.
»> Mil
»> Miliu
You can't breach it.
»> Milius:
»> Milius: W
You can't breach it.
»> Milius: We
»> Milius: We do
You can't breach it.
»> Milius: We don'
»> Milius: We don't
You can't breach it.
»> Milius: We don't ha
»> Milius: We don't have
You can't breach it.
»> Milius: We don't have t
»> Milius: We don't have to
>» Milius: We don't have to
br
brea
>» Milius: We don't have to
breach
breach,
>» Milius: We don't have to
breach, we
breach, we h
>» Milius: We don't have to
breach, we hav
breach, we have
>» Milius: We don't have to
breach, we have a
breach, we have a gu
>» Milius: We don't have to
breach, we have a gun
to
to a
breach, we have a gun
to a p
to a pas
breach, we have a gun
to a passe
to a passeng
breach, we have a gun
to a passenger
to a passenger's
breach, we have a gun
to a passenger's f
to a passenger's for
breach, we have a gun
to a passenger's foreh
to a passenger's forehea
breach, we have a gun
to a passenger's forehead.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm a
>» I'm alr
>» I'm alrig
>» I'm alright
>» I'm alright,
>» I'm alright, Me
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»>
»> M
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»> Mil
»> Miliu
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»> Milius:
»> Milius: I
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»> Milius: I c
»> Milius: I can
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»> Milius: I can a
»> Milius: I can ass
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»> Milius: I can assur
»> Milius: I can assure
>» I'm alright, Mel.
»> Milius: I can assure yo
»> Milius: I can assure you
>» Milius: I can assure you
he
he i
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is
he is no
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is not
he is not go
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is not goin
he is not going
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is not going to
he is not going to b
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is not going to be
he is not going to be al
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is not going to be alri
he is not going to be alrigh
>» Milius: I can assure you
he is not going to be alright.
Yo
You
he is not going to be alright.
You ha
You have
he is not going to be alright.
You have 1
You have 15
he is not going to be alright.
You have 15 se
You have 15 seco
he is not going to be alright.
You have 15 second
You have 15 seconds.
»>
»> D
You have 15 seconds.
»> Don
»> Don't
You have 15 seconds.
»> Don't l
»> Don't lis
You have 15 seconds.
»> Don't liste
»> Don't listen
You have 15 seconds.
»> Don't listen to
»> Don't listen to h
You have 15 seconds.
»> Don't listen to him
»> Don't listen to him!
>» Don't listen to him!
»>
»> W
>» Don't listen to him!
»> We'
»> We've
>» Don't listen to him!
»> We've a
»> We've alr
>» Don't listen to him!
»> We've alrea
»> We've already
>» Don't listen to him!
»> We've already s
»> We've already sho
>» Don't listen to him!
»> We've already shot
»> We've already shot on
>» Don't listen to him!
»> We've already shot one
»> We've already shot one of
>» We've already shot one of
yo
your
>» We've already shot one of
your p
your peo
>» We've already shot one of
your peopl
your people,
>» We've already shot one of
your people, w
your people, we
>» We've already shot one of
your people, we do
your people, we don'
>» We've already shot one of
your people, we don't
your people, we don't wa
>» We've already shot one of
your people, we don't wann
your people, we don't wanna
sh
shoo
your people, we don't wanna
shoot
shoot an
your people, we don't wanna
shoot anot
shoot anothe
your people, we don't wanna
shoot another.
»>
»> B
shoot another.
»> Ben
»> Ben.
>» Ben.
Be
Ben,
>» Ben.
Ben, w
Ben, who
>» Ben.
Ben, who?
»>
»> N
Ben, who?
»> No
»> No on
Ben, who?
»> No one!
>» No one!
»>
»> M
>» No one!
»> Mil
»> Miliu
>» No one!
»> Milius:
»> Milius: F
>» No one!
»> Milius: Fiv
»> Milius: Five
>» No one!
»> Milius: Five se
»> Milius: Five seco
>» No one!
»> Milius: Five second
»> Milius: Five seconds.
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»>
»> B
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben
»> Ben:
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben: Do
»> Ben: Do n
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben: Do not
»> Ben: Do not o
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben: Do not ope
»> Ben: Do not open
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben: Do not open th
»> Ben: Do not open the
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben: Do not open the do
»> Ben: Do not open the door
>» Milius: Five seconds.
»> Ben: Do not open the door!
>» Ben: Do not open the door!
»>
»> F
>» Ben: Do not open the door!
»> Fou
»> Four,
>» Ben: Do not open the door!
»> Four, t
»> Four, thr
>» Ben: Do not open the door!
»> Four, three
»> Four, three,
>» Ben: Do not open the door!
»> Four, three, tw
»> Four, three, two.
>» Ben: Do not open the door!
»> Four, three, two...
(V
(Vau
(Vault
(Vault d
(Vault doo
(Vault door
(Vault door hi
(Vault door hiss
(Vault door hisses
(Vault door hisses)
»>
»> G
(Vault door hisses)
»> Goo
»> Good.
>» Good.
Gl
Glad
>» Good.
Glad w
Glad we
>» Good.
Glad we di
Glad we didn
>» Good.
Glad we didn't
Glad we didn't h
>» Good.
Glad we didn't hav
Glad we didn't have
>» Good.
Glad we didn't have to
Glad we didn't have to g
>» Good.
Glad we didn't have to go
Glad we didn't have to go th
>» Good.
Glad we didn't have to go ther
Glad we didn't have to go there.
♪
(T
(Ter
(Termi
(Termina
(Terminals
(Terminals b
(Terminals bee
(Terminals beepi
(Terminals beeping
(Terminals beeping)
(S
(Shu
(Shuff
(Shuffli
(Shuffling
(Shuffling)
»>
»> O
(Shuffling)
»> Oka
»> Okay.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Adm
>» Admir
>» Admiral
>» Admiral.
»>
»> E
>» Admiral.
»> Esc
»> Escor
>» Admiral.
»> Escort
»> Escort th
>» Admiral.
»> Escort them
»> Escort them o
>» Admiral.
»> Escort them out
»> Escort them out.
>» Escort them out.
»>
»> Y
>» Escort them out.
»> You
»> You'r
>» Escort them out.
»> You're
»> You're go
>» Escort them out.
»> You're gonn
»> You're gonna
>» Escort them out.
»> You're gonna ne
»> You're gonna need
>» You're gonna need
an
an e
>» You're gonna need
an eng
an engin
>» You're gonna need
an enginee
an engineer
>» You're gonna need
an engineer to
an engineer to d
>» You're gonna need
an engineer to dri
an engineer to drive
>» You're gonna need
an engineer to drive.
At
At l
an engineer to drive.
At lea
At least
an engineer to drive.
At least o
At least one
an engineer to drive.
At least one o
At least one of
an engineer to drive.
At least one of us
At least one of us h
an engineer to drive.
At least one of us has
At least one of us has t
an engineer to drive.
At least one of us has to
At least one of us has to st
an engineer to drive.
At least one of us has to stay
At least one of us has to stay.
»>
»> W
At least one of us has to stay.
»> We'
»> We've
At least one of us has to stay.
»> We've g
»> We've got
At least one of us has to stay.
»> We've got i
»> We've got it
At least one of us has to stay.
»> We've got it co
»> We've got it cove
At least one of us has to stay.
»> We've got it covere
»> We've got it covered,
>» We've got it covered,
th
than
>» We've got it covered,
thank
thank yo
>» We've got it covered,
thank you.
»>
»> A
thank you.
»> Any
»> Anyon
thank you.
»> Anyone
»> Anyone ca
thank you.
»> Anyone can
»> Anyone can ac
thank you.
»> Anyone can acce
»> Anyone can accele
thank you.
»> Anyone can accelera
»> Anyone can accelerate
thank you.
»> Anyone can accelerate,
»> Anyone can accelerate, yo
thank you.
»> Anyone can accelerate, you
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
ne
need
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need t
need to
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need to ba
need to bala
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need to balanc
need to balance
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need to balance th
need to balance the
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need to balance the ex
need to balance the expe
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need to balance the expend
need to balance the expendit
>» Anyone can accelerate, you
need to balance the expenditur
need to balance the expenditure
ag
agai
need to balance the expenditure
agains
against
need to balance the expenditure
against th
against the
need to balance the expenditure
against the in
against the inta
need to balance the expenditure
against the intake
against the intake.
Do
Don'
against the intake.
Don't
Don't to
against the intake.
Don't touc
Don't touch
against the intake.
Don't touch me
Don't touch me,
against the intake.
Don't touch me, do
Don't touch me, don'
against the intake.
Don't touch me, don't
Don't touch me, don't to
against the intake.
Don't touch me, don't touc
Don't touch me, don't touch
against the intake.
Don't touch me, don't touch me
Don't touch me, don't touch me.
♪
>»
>» B
>» Ble
>» Bleed
>» Bleedin
>» Bleeding?
»>
»> B
>» Bleeding?
»> Ben
»> Ben:
>» Bleeding?
»> Ben: I'
»> Ben: I'm
>» Bleeding?
»> Ben: I'm fi
»> Ben: I'm fine
>» Bleeding?
»> Ben: I'm fine.
♪
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's a
>» It's a tr
>» It's a trap
>» It's a trap.
»>
»> Y
>» It's a trap.
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
Th
They
>» Yeah.
They b
They ble
>» Yeah.
They blew
They blew up
>» Yeah.
They blew up a
They blew up a r
>» Yeah.
They blew up a roc
They blew up a rocke
>» Yeah.
They blew up a rocket
to
to l
They blew up a rocket
to lur
to lure
They blew up a rocket
to lure us
to lure us.
Wh
Who
to lure us.
Who th
Who the
to lure us.
Who the he
Who the hell
to lure us.
Who the hell a
Who the hell are
to lure us.
Who the hell are t
Who the hell are the
to lure us.
Who the hell are these
Who the hell are these p
to lure us.
Who the hell are these peo
Who the hell are these peopl
to lure us.
Who the hell are these people?
Ho
How
Who the hell are these people?
How di
How did
Who the hell are these people?
How did th
How did they
Who the hell are these people?
How did they e
How did they eve
Who the hell are these people?
How did they even
How did they even su
Who the hell are these people?
How did they even surv
How did they even surviv
Who the hell are these people?
How did they even survive?
Wh
What
How did they even survive?
What t
What tur
How did they even survive?
What turn
What turn ar
How did they even survive?
What turn are
What turn are th
How did they even survive?
What turn are they
ta
talk
What turn are they
talkin
talking
What turn are they
talking ab
talking abou
What turn are they
talking about?
I
I me
talking about?
I mean
I mean,
talking about?
I mean, ou
I mean, our
talking about?
I mean, our ne
I mean, our next
talking about?
I mean, our next s
I mean, our next swi
talking about?
I mean, our next switc
I mean, our next switch
is
is N
I mean, our next switch
is New
is New E
I mean, our next switch
is New Ede
is New Eden,
I mean, our next switch
is New Eden, t
is New Eden, tha
I mean, our next switch
is New Eden, that'
is New Eden, that's
I mean, our next switch
is New Eden, that's ov
is New Eden, that's over
1,
1,00
is New Eden, that's over
1,000
1,000 ki
is New Eden, that's over
1,000 kilo
1,000 kilome
is New Eden, that's over
1,000 kilometr
1,000 kilometres
is New Eden, that's over
1,000 kilometres a
1,000 kilometres awa
is New Eden, that's over
1,000 kilometres away.
»>
»> T
1,000 kilometres away.
»> The
»> They
1,000 kilometres away.
»> They sh
»> They shot
1,000 kilometres away.
»> They shot T
»> They shot Til
1,000 kilometres away.
»> They shot Till.
»> They shot Till...
>» They shot Till...
Th
That
>» They shot Till...
That's
That's w
>» They shot Till...
That's who
That's who t
>» They shot Till...
That's who the
That's who they
>» They shot Till...
That's who they sh
That's who they shot
>» They shot Till...
That's who they shot.
>»
>» I
>» Is
>» Is sh
>» Is she
>» Is she ok
>» Is she okay
>» Is she okay?
»>
»> B
>» Is she okay?
»> Ben
»> Ben:
>» Is she okay?
»> Ben: In
»> Ben: In t
>» Is she okay?
»> Ben: In the
»> Ben: In the s
>» Is she okay?
»> Ben: In the sho
»> Ben: In the shoul
>» Is she okay?
»> Ben: In the shoulde
»> Ben: In the shoulder.
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I
I do
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don'
I don't
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don't kn
I don't know
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don't know h
I don't know how
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don't know how s
I don't know how she
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don't know how she's
I don't know how she's d
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don't know how she's doi
I don't know how she's doing
>» Ben: In the shoulder.
I don't know how she's doing.
I
I wa
I don't know how she's doing.
I was
I was dr
I don't know how she's doing.
I was drag
I was dragge
I don't know how she's doing.
I was dragged
I was dragged of
I don't know how she's doing.
I was dragged off.
Some peacekeepers.
How do we get out of here?
♪
>» I don't know.
But I'm thinking.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What'
>» What's
>» What's he
>» What's he d
>» What's he doi
>» What's he doing
>» What's he doing?
»>
»> Y
>» What's he doing?
»> You
»> You k
>» What's he doing?
»> You kno
»> You know
>» What's he doing?
»> You know wh
»> You know what
>» What's he doing?
»> You know what,
»> You know what, ma
>» What's he doing?
»> You know what, mayb
»> You know what, maybe
>» What's he doing?
»> You know what, maybe yo
»> You know what, maybe you
>» You know what, maybe you
sh
shou
>» You know what, maybe you
should
shouldn'
>» You know what, maybe you
shouldn't
shouldn't be
>» You know what, maybe you
shouldn't be s
shouldn't be spy
>» You know what, maybe you
shouldn't be spy o
shouldn't be spy on
>» You know what, maybe you
shouldn't be spy on hi
shouldn't be spy on him
ju
just
shouldn't be spy on him
just i
just in
shouldn't be spy on him
just in ca
just in case
shouldn't be spy on him
just in case h
just in case he
shouldn't be spy on him
just in case he se
just in case he sees
shouldn't be spy on him
just in case he sees o
just in case he sees or.
shouldn't be spy on him
just in case he sees or...
»>
»> I
just in case he sees or...
»> I g
»> I got
just in case he sees or...
»> I got t
»> I got to
just in case he sees or...
»> I got to ge
»> I got to get
just in case he sees or...
»> I got to get ba
»> I got to get back
>» I got to get back
to
to o
>» I got to get back
to our
to our t
>» I got to get back
to our tra
to our train
>» I got to get back
to our train.
♪
He
He's
He's l
He's lea
He's leavi
He's leaving
He's leaving!
He's leaving! Ye
He's leaving! Yes.
Yo
You
He's leaving! Yes.
You co
You comi
He's leaving! Yes.
You coming
You coming?
»>
»> Y
You coming?
»> You
»> You k
You coming?
»> You kno
»> You know
You coming?
»> You know wh
»> You know what
You coming?
»> You know what,
»> You know what, I
You coming?
»> You know what, I th
»> You know what, I thin
You coming?
»> You know what, I think
>» You know what, I think
I'
I'm
>» You know what, I think
I'm ju
I'm just
>» You know what, I think
I'm just g
I'm just gon
>» You know what, I think
I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna s
>» You know what, I think
I'm just gonna sta
I'm just gonna stay
>» You know what, I think
I'm just gonna stay pu
I'm just gonna stay put.
Ye
Yeah
I'm just gonna stay put.
Yeah.
Ma
Mayb
Yeah.
Maybe
Maybe ge
Yeah.
Maybe get
Maybe get so
Yeah.
Maybe get some
Maybe get some s
Yeah.
Maybe get some stu
Maybe get some stuff
Yeah.
Maybe get some stuff d
Maybe get some stuff don
Yeah.
Maybe get some stuff done.
♪
(D
(Din
(Dingi
(Dinging
(Dinging)
»>
»> A
(Dinging)
»> Att
»> Atten
(Dinging)
»> Attenti
»> Attention
(Dinging)
»> Attention.
>» Attention.
Al
All
>» Attention.
All pa
All pass
>» Attention.
All passen
All passenge
>» Attention.
All passengers
All passengers i
>» Attention.
All passengers in
All passengers in fi
>» Attention.
All passengers in firs
All passengers in first
an
and
All passengers in first
and se
and seco
All passengers in first
and second
and second c
All passengers in first
and second cla
and second class
All passengers in first
and second class a
and second class are
to
to e
and second class are
to eva
to evacu
and second class are
to evacuat
to evacuate
and second class are
to evacuate to
to evacuate to t
and second class are
to evacuate to thi
to evacuate to third
and second class are
to evacuate to third.
Th
This
to evacuate to third.
This i
This is
to evacuate to third.
This is on
This is only
a
a te
This is only
a temp
a tempor
This is only
a temporar
a temporary
This is only
a temporary lo
a temporary loca
This is only
a temporary locati
a temporary location
This is only
a temporary location.
Th
The
a temporary location.
The ne
The new
a temporary location.
The new pa
The new pass
a temporary location.
The new passen
The new passenge
a temporary location.
The new passengers
wa
want
The new passengers
want y
want you
The new passengers
want you t
want you to
The new passengers
want you to kn
want you to know
The new passengers
want you to know t
want you to know tha
The new passengers
want you to know that,
want you to know that, u
The new passengers
want you to know that, um.
want you to know that, um...
th
that
want you to know that, um...
that,
that, um
want you to know that, um...
that, um..
that, um...
Oh
Oh G
that, um...
Oh God
Oh God..
that, um...
Oh God...
♪
Th
That
That a
That as
That as lo
That as long
That as long a
That as long as
That as long as yo
That as long as you
That as long as you do
That as long as you do a
That as long as you do as
yo
you
That as long as you do as
you ar
you are
That as long as you do as
you are to
you are told
That as long as you do as
you are told,
you are told, al
That as long as you do as
you are told, all
you are told, all is
That as long as you do as
you are told, all is w
you are told, all is wel
That as long as you do as
you are told, all is well.
Th
Than
you are told, all is well.
Thank
Thank yo
you are told, all is well.
Thank you.
(G
(Gro
Thank you.
(Groan
(Groanin
Thank you.
(Groaning)
»>
»> T
(Groaning)
»> Til
»> Till:
(Groaning)
»> Till: W
»> Till: We
(Groaning)
»> Till: We go
»> Till: We got
(Groaning)
»> Till: We got to
»> Till: We got to g
(Groaning)
»> Till: We got to get
»> Till: We got to get u
(Groaning)
»> Till: We got to get upt
»> Till: We got to get uptra
(Groaning)
»> Till: We got to get uptrain
»> Till: We got to get uptrain.
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»>
»> J
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jes
»> Jesus
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jesus,
»> Jesus, Ti
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jesus, Till
»> Jesus, Till,
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jesus, Till, yo
»> Jesus, Till, your
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jesus, Till, your s
»> Jesus, Till, your sho
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jesus, Till, your shoul
»> Jesus, Till, your shoulde
>» Till: We got to get uptrain.
»> Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»>
»> T
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Til
»> Till:
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Till: O
»> Till: Oh,
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Till: Oh, t
»> Till: Oh, the
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Till: Oh, they
»> Till: Oh, they am
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Till: Oh, they ambu
»> Till: Oh, they ambush
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Till: Oh, they ambushed
»> Till: Oh, they ambushed u
>» Jesus, Till, your shoulder.
»> Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»>
»> D
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr.
»> Dr. P
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr. Pel
»> Dr. Pelto
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr. Pelton:
»> Dr. Pelton: T
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr. Pelton: The
»> Dr. Pelton: They
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr. Pelton: They sh
»> Dr. Pelton: They shot
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr. Pelton: They shot y
»> Dr. Pelton: They shot you
>» Till: Oh, they ambushed us.
»> Dr. Pelton: They shot you?
>» Dr. Pelton: They shot you?
»>
»> T
>» Dr. Pelton: They shot you?
»> The
»> There
>» Dr. Pelton: They shot you?
»> There's
»> There's o
>» Dr. Pelton: They shot you?
»> There's onl
»> There's only
>» There's only
a
a ha
>» There's only
a hand
a handfu
>» There's only
a handful
a handful of
>» There's only
a handful of t
a handful of the
>» There's only
a handful of them.
»>
»> D
a handful of them.
»> Dr.
»> Dr. P
a handful of them.
»> Dr. Pel
»> Dr. Pelto
a handful of them.
»> Dr. Pelton:
»> Dr. Pelton: I
a handful of them.
»> Dr. Pelton: I'l
»> Dr. Pelton: I'll
a handful of them.
»> Dr. Pelton: I'll ta
»> Dr. Pelton: I'll take
a handful of them.
»> Dr. Pelton: I'll take c
»> Dr. Pelton: I'll take car
a handful of them.
»> Dr. Pelton: I'll take care
>» Dr. Pelton: I'll take care
of
of y
>» Dr. Pelton: I'll take care
of you
of you.
♪
An
Ante
Anteri
Anterior
Anterior e
Anterior exi
Anterior exit,
Anterior exit, p
Anterior exit, pos
Anterior exit, poste
Anterior exit, posteri
Anterior exit, posterior
Anterior exit, posterior e
Anterior exit, posterior ent
Anterior exit, posterior entry
Anterior exit, posterior entry.
No
No m
Anterior exit, posterior entry.
No maj
No major
Anterior exit, posterior entry.
No major a
No major art
Anterior exit, posterior entry.
No major arter
No major arterie
Anterior exit, posterior entry.
No major arteries.
An
Any
No major arteries.
Any di
Any dizz
No major arteries.
Any dizzin
Any dizzines
No major arteries.
Any dizziness
Any dizziness or
No major arteries.
Any dizziness or n
Any dizziness or nau
No major arteries.
Any dizziness or nause
Any dizziness or nausea?
»>
»> W
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We
»> We tr
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We trie
»> We tried
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We tried to
»> We tried to l
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We tried to lea
»> We tried to lead
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We tried to lead th
»> We tried to lead them
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We tried to lead them a
»> We tried to lead them awa
Any dizziness or nausea?
»> We tried to lead them away
>» We tried to lead them away
fr
from
>» We tried to lead them away
from t
from the
>» We tried to lead them away
from the t
from the tra
>» We tried to lead them away
from the train
from the train..
>» We tried to lead them away
from the train...
bu
but
from the train...
but th
but they
from the train...
but they c
but they cha
from the train...
but they chase
but they chased
from the train...
but they chased us
but they chased us d
from the train...
but they chased us dow
but they chased us down.
from the train...
but they chased us down...
»>
»> Y
but they chased us down...
»> You
»> You h
but they chased us down...
»> You hea
»> You heart
but they chased us down...
»> You heart r
»> You heart rat
but they chased us down...
»> You heart rate'
»> You heart rate's
but they chased us down...
»> You heart rate's ir
»> You heart rate's irre
but they chased us down...
»> You heart rate's irregu
»> You heart rate's irregula
but they chased us down...
»> You heart rate's irregular.
>» You heart rate's irregular.
»>
»> W
>» You heart rate's irregular.
»> We
»> We ca
>» You heart rate's irregular.
»> We can
»> We can ta
>» You heart rate's irregular.
»> We can take
»> We can take t
>» You heart rate's irregular.
»> We can take the
»> We can take them!
>» We can take them!
»>
»> Y
>» We can take them!
»> You
»> You'v
>» We can take them!
»> You've
»> You've lo
>» We can take them!
»> You've lost
»> You've lost a
>» We can take them!
»> You've lost a l
»> You've lost a lot
>» We can take them!
»> You've lost a lot o
»> You've lost a lot of
>» We can take them!
»> You've lost a lot of bl
»> You've lost a lot of bloo
>» We can take them!
»> You've lost a lot of blood.
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We
We'v
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We've
We've go
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We've got
We've got to
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We've got to p
We've got to pac
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We've got to pack
We've got to pack th
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We've got to pack the
We've got to pack the wo
>» You've lost a lot of blood.
We've got to pack the woun
We've got to pack the wound.
»>
»> N
We've got to pack the wound.
»> No,
»> No, w
We've got to pack the wound.
»> No, we
»> No, we do
We've got to pack the wound.
»> No, we don'
»> No, we don't
We've got to pack the wound.
»> No, we don't ha
»> No, we don't have
We've got to pack the wound.
»> No, we don't have t
»> No, we don't have tim
We've got to pack the wound.
»> No, we don't have time.
>» No, we don't have time.
»>
»> Y
>» No, we don't have time.
»> You
»> Your
>» No, we don't have time.
»> Your pu
»> Your puls
>» No, we don't have time.
»> Your pulse
»> Your pulse sa
>» No, we don't have time.
»> Your pulse says
»> Your pulse says y
>» No, we don't have time.
»> Your pulse says you
»> Your pulse says you'r
>» No, we don't have time.
»> Your pulse says you're
»> Your pulse says you're ab
>» No, we don't have time.
»> Your pulse says you're abou
»> Your pulse says you're about
>» Your pulse says you're about
to
to p
>» Your pulse says you're about
to pas
to pass
>» Your pulse says you're about
to pass ou
to pass out
>» Your pulse says you're about
to pass out so
to pass out so j
>» Your pulse says you're about
to pass out so jus
to pass out so just
>» Your pulse says you're about
to pass out so just sh
to pass out so just shut
>» Your pulse says you're about
to pass out so just shut i
to pass out so just shut it.
Th
They
to pass out so just shut it.
They t
They too
to pass out so just shut it.
They took
They took my
to pass out so just shut it.
They took my c
They took my cli
to pass out so just shut it.
They took my clini
They took my clinic,
so
so t
They took my clinic,
so tha
so that'
They took my clinic,
so that's
so that's no
They took my clinic,
so that's not
so that's not an
They took my clinic,
so that's not an o
so that's not an opt
They took my clinic,
so that's not an optio
so that's not an option.
»>
»> Y
so that's not an option.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
so that's not an option.
»> Yeah, n
»> Yeah, nei
so that's not an option.
»> Yeah, neith
»> Yeah, neither
>» Yeah, neither
is
is t
>» Yeah, neither
is thi
is this
>» Yeah, neither
is this ha
is this hall
>» Yeah, neither
is this hallwa
is this hallway.
»>
»> D
is this hallway.
»> Dr.
»> Dr. P
is this hallway.
»> Dr. Pel
»> Dr. Pelto
is this hallway.
»> Dr. Pelton:
»> Dr. Pelton: T
is this hallway.
»> Dr. Pelton: Thi
»> Dr. Pelton: This
is this hallway.
»> Dr. Pelton: This wa
»> Dr. Pelton: This way.
>» Dr. Pelton: This way.
Le
Lean
>» Dr. Pelton: This way.
Lean o
Lean on
>» Dr. Pelton: This way.
Lean on me
Lean on me.
♪
Wa
Wart
Wartim
Wartime
Wartime Me
Wartime Meas
Wartime Measur
Wartime Measures
Wartime Measures.
Yo
Your
Wartime Measures.
Your p
Your pla
Wartime Measures.
Your place
Your place i
Wartime Measures.
Your place is
Your place is no
Wartime Measures.
Your place is now
Your place is now a
Wartime Measures.
Your place is now a cl
Your place is now a clin
Wartime Measures.
Your place is now a clinic
Your place is now a clinic.
>»
>» A
>» Are
>» Are t
>» Are the
>» Are there
>» Are there r
>» Are there rea
>» Are there reall
>» Are there really
>» Are there really su
>» Are there really surv
>» Are there really surviv
>» Are there really survivor
>» Are there really survivors
ou
out
>» Are there really survivors
out th
out ther
>» Are there really survivors
out there?
»>
»> Y
out there?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
Bu
But
>» Yeah.
But th
But they
>» Yeah.
But they d
But they don
>» Yeah.
But they don't
But they don't g
>» Yeah.
But they don't giv
But they don't give
a
a sh
But they don't give
a shit
a shit a
But they don't give
a shit abo
a shit about
But they don't give
a shit about u
a shit about us.
Wi
Wins
a shit about us.
Winsto
Winston,
a shit about us.
Winston, w
Winston, we
a shit about us.
Winston, we ne
Winston, we need
a shit about us.
Winston, we need t
Winston, we need to
a shit about us.
Winston, we need to ro
Winston, we need to roun
a shit about us.
Winston, we need to round
Winston, we need to round up
an
anyo
Winston, we need to round up
anyone
anyone w
Winston, we need to round up
anyone who
anyone who c
Winston, we need to round up
anyone who can
anyone who can f
Winston, we need to round up
anyone who can fig
anyone who can fight
Winston, we need to round up
anyone who can fight.
We
We o
anyone who can fight.
We out
We outnu
anyone who can fight.
We outnumb
We outnumber
anyone who can fight.
We outnumber t
We outnumber the
anyone who can fight.
We outnumber them.
»>
»> U
We outnumber them.
»> Uh,
»> Uh, n
We outnumber them.
»> Uh, not
»> Uh, not i
We outnumber them.
»> Uh, not int
»> Uh, not inter
We outnumber them.
»> Uh, not interes
»> Uh, not intereste
We outnumber them.
»> Uh, not interested.
>» Uh, not interested.
So
Sorr
>» Uh, not interested.
Sorry,
Sorry, T
>» Uh, not interested.
Sorry, Til
Sorry, Till.
»>
»> Y
Sorry, Till.
»> You
»> You s
Sorry, Till.
»> You sta
»> You start
Sorry, Till.
»> You started
»> You started d
Sorry, Till.
»> You started dri
»> You started drink
Sorry, Till.
»> You started drinkin
»> You started drinking
Sorry, Till.
»> You started drinking ag
»> You started drinking agai
Sorry, Till.
»> You started drinking again,
>» You started drinking again,
ri
righ
>» You started drinking again,
right?
»>
»> Y
right?
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
right?
»> Yeah, y
»> Yeah, you
right?
»> Yeah, you m
»> Yeah, you min
right?
»> Yeah, you mind?
>» Yeah, you mind?
»>
»> N
>» Yeah, you mind?
»> No.
>» No.
Yo
You
>» No.
You go
You got
>» No.
You got an
You got anyt
>» No.
You got anythi
You got anything
>» No.
You got anything s
You got anything str
>» No.
You got anything stron
You got anything strong
>» No.
You got anything strong at
You got anything strong at h
>» No.
You got anything strong at han
You got anything strong at hand?
»>
»> Y
You got anything strong at hand?
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
You got anything strong at hand?
»> Yeah, y
»> Yeah, yea
You got anything strong at hand?
»> Yeah, yeah,
»> Yeah, yeah, y
You got anything strong at hand?
»> Yeah, yeah, yea
»> Yeah, yeah, yeah,
>» Yeah, yeah, yeah,
th
that
>» Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that w
that wil
>» Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that will
that will he
>» Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that will help
that will help.
Go
Got
that will help.
Got an
Got any
that will help.
Got any wh
Got any whis
that will help.
Got any whiske
Got any whiskey?
»>
»> N
Got any whiskey?
»> No,
»> No, t
Got any whiskey?
»> No, the
»> No, the d
Got any whiskey?
»> No, the dri
»> No, the drink
Got any whiskey?
»> No, the drinkin
»> No, the drinking
>» No, the drinking
is
is j
>» No, the drinking
is jus
is just
>» No, the drinking
is just go
is just gonn
>» No, the drinking
is just gonna
is just gonna th
>» No, the drinking
is just gonna thin
is just gonna thin y
>» No, the drinking
is just gonna thin you
is just gonna thin your
>» No, the drinking
is just gonna thin your bl
is just gonna thin your bloo
>» No, the drinking
is just gonna thin your blood.
Th
This
is just gonna thin your blood.
This i
This is
is just gonna thin your blood.
This is to
This is to d
is just gonna thin your blood.
This is to dis
This is to disin
is just gonna thin your blood.
This is to disinfe
This is to disinfect
is just gonna thin your blood.
This is to disinfect.
»>
»> O
This is to disinfect.
»> Oka
»> Okay,
This is to disinfect.
»> Okay, j
»> Okay, jus
This is to disinfect.
»> Okay, just
»> Okay, just te
This is to disinfect.
»> Okay, just tell
»> Okay, just tell m
This is to disinfect.
»> Okay, just tell me
»> Okay, just tell me wh
This is to disinfect.
»> Okay, just tell me when
>» Okay, just tell me when
yo
you'
>» Okay, just tell me when
you're
you're g
>» Okay, just tell me when
you're gon
you're gonna
>» Okay, just tell me when
you're gonna p
you're gonna put
>» Okay, just tell me when
you're gonna put i
you're gonna put it
>» Okay, just tell me when
you're gonna put it on
you're gonna put it on.
»>
»> C
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can
»> Can y
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can you
»> Can you b
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can you bri
»> Can you bring
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can you bring m
»> Can you bring me
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can you bring me th
»> Can you bring me that
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can you bring me that p
»> Can you bring me that pla
you're gonna put it on.
»> Can you bring me that plant
»> Can you bring me that plant?
>» Can you bring me that plant?
No
Now
>» Can you bring me that plant?
Now on
Now once
>» Can you bring me that plant?
Now once t
Now once the
>» Can you bring me that plant?
Now once the b
Now once the ban
>» Can you bring me that plant?
Now once the banda
Now once the bandage
is
is t
Now once the bandage
is tap
is taped
Now once the bandage
is taped o
is taped on,
Now once the bandage
is taped on, k
is taped on, kee
Now once the bandage
is taped on, keep
is taped on, keep it
Now once the bandage
is taped on, keep it w
is taped on, keep it wet
Now once the bandage
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'
I'm
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'm so
I'm soak
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'm soakin
I'm soaking
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'm soaking it
I'm soaking it i
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'm soaking it in
I'm soaking it in al
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'm soaking it in alco
I'm soaking it in alcoho
is taped on, keep it wet.
I'm soaking it in alcohol.
»>
»> J
I'm soaking it in alcohol.
»> Jus
»> Just
I'm soaking it in alcohol.
»> Just hu
»> Just hurr
I'm soaking it in alcohol.
»> Just hurry
»> Just hurry it
I'm soaking it in alcohol.
»> Just hurry it u
»> Just hurry it up.
>» Just hurry it up.
Wh
What
>» Just hurry it up.
What t
What the
>» Just hurry it up.
What the h
What the hel
>» Just hurry it up.
What the hell.
(D
(Dr.
What the hell.
(Dr. P
(Dr. Pel
What the hell.
(Dr. Pelto
(Dr. Pelton
What the hell.
(Dr. Pelton si
(Dr. Pelton sigh
What the hell.
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»>
»> O
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»> Ow,
»> Ow, o
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»> Ow, ow,
»> Ow, ow, o
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»> Ow, ow, ow,
»> Ow, ow, ow, o
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»> Ow, ow, ow, ow,
»> Ow, ow, ow, ow, o
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»> Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow,
»> Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, o
(Dr. Pelton sighs)
»> Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
>» Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
St
Ster
>» Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Steril
Steriliz
>» Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Sterilizin
Sterilizing
>» Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Sterilizing th
Sterilizing the
>» Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Sterilizing the di
Sterilizing the dirt
so
so I
Sterilizing the dirt
so I c
so I can
Sterilizing the dirt
so I can p
so I can pac
Sterilizing the dirt
so I can pack
so I can pack th
Sterilizing the dirt
so I can pack the
so I can pack the wo
Sterilizing the dirt
so I can pack the woun
so I can pack the wound.
»>
»> T
so I can pack the wound.
»> Tha
»> That'
so I can pack the wound.
»> That's
»> That's a
so I can pack the wound.
»> That's a me
»> That's a medi
so I can pack the wound.
»> That's a mediev
»> That's a medieval
so I can pack the wound.
»> That's a medieval s
»> That's a medieval shi
so I can pack the wound.
»> That's a medieval shit
»> That's a medieval shit th
so I can pack the wound.
»> That's a medieval shit ther
»> That's a medieval shit there,
>» That's a medieval shit there,
Pe
Pelt
>» That's a medieval shit there,
Pelton
Pelton.
»>
»> H
Pelton.
»> Hel
»> Hellu
Pelton.
»> Helluva
»> Helluva v
Pelton.
»> Helluva vie
»> Helluva view
Pelton.
»> Helluva view fr
»> Helluva view from
Pelton.
»> Helluva view from u
»> Helluva view from up
Pelton.
»> Helluva view from up he
»> Helluva view from up here
Pelton.
»> Helluva view from up here.
>» Helluva view from up here.
I
I co
>» Helluva view from up here.
I coul
I could
>» Helluva view from up here.
I could ge
I could get
>» Helluva view from up here.
I could get us
I could get used
>» Helluva view from up here.
I could get used t
I could get used to
>» Helluva view from up here.
I could get used to se
I could get used to seei
>» Helluva view from up here.
I could get used to seeing
su
sunl
I could get used to seeing
sunlig
sunlight
I could get used to seeing
sunlight a
sunlight aga
I could get used to seeing
sunlight again
sunlight again.
Or
Or t
sunlight again.
Or the
Or the m
sunlight again.
Or the moo
Or the moon.
sunlight again.
Or the moon...
Re
Red
Or the moon...
Red sk
Red sky
Or the moon...
Red sky at
Red sky at n
Or the moon...
Red sky at nig
Red sky at night
Or the moon...
Red sky at night,
sa
sail
Red sky at night,
sailor
sailor's
Red sky at night,
sailor's d
sailor's del
Red sky at night,
sailor's delig
sailor's delight
Red sky at night,
sailor's delight..
sailor's delight...
cl
clea
sailor's delight...
clear
clear fo
sailor's delight...
clear for
clear for ru
sailor's delight...
clear for runn
clear for runnin
sailor's delight...
clear for running.
clear for running...
♪
Se
Set
Set sw
Set swit
Set switch
Set switch f
Set switch for
Set switch for o
Set switch for our
Set switch for our n
Set switch for our new
Set switch for our new t
Set switch for our new tra
Set switch for our new track
Set switch for our new track.
On
On t
Set switch for our new track.
On tar
On targe
Set switch for our new track.
On target
On target fo
Set switch for our new track.
On target for
On target for ar
Set switch for our new track.
On target for arri
On target for arriva
Set switch for our new track.
On target for arrival
at
at t
On target for arrival
at thi
at thirt
On target for arrival
at thirtee
at thirteen
On target for arrival
at thirteen fi
at thirteen fift
On target for arrival
at thirteen fiftee
at thirteen fifteen.
Br
Brav
at thirteen fifteen.
Bravo
Bravo Zu
at thirteen fifteen.
Bravo Zulu
Bravo Zulu,
at thirteen fifteen.
Bravo Zulu, Bu
Bravo Zulu, Buff
at thirteen fifteen.
Bravo Zulu, Buff.
♪
>»
>» W
>» We
>» We ar
>» We are
>» We are tu
>» We are turn
>» We are turnin
>» We are turning.
>» We are turning...
Is
Is t
>» We are turning...
Is tha
Is that
>» We are turning...
Is that Ea
Is that East
>» We are turning...
Is that East?
»>
»> I
Is that East?
»> It
»> It ca
Is that East?
»> It can'
»> It can't
Is that East?
»> It can't be
»> It can't be.
>» It can't be.
Th
Ther
>» It can't be.
There'
There's
>» It can't be.
There's no
There's no t
>» It can't be.
There's no tra
There's no track
>» It can't be.
There's no track h
There's no track her
>» It can't be.
There's no track here.
»>
»> W
There's no track here.
»> We'
»> We're
There's no track here.
»> We're n
»> We're not
There's no track here.
»> We're not o
»> We're not on
There's no track here.
»> We're not on Wi
»> We're not on Wilf
There's no track here.
»> We're not on Wilfor
»> We're not on Wilford
>» We're not on Wilford
tr
trac
>» We're not on Wilford
track
track an
>» We're not on Wilford
track anym
track anymor
>» We're not on Wilford
track anymore.
♪
Wh
Whoe
Whoeve
Whoever
Whoever bu
Whoever buil
Whoever built
Whoever built th
Whoever built that
Whoever built that d
Whoever built that did
Whoever built that did i
Whoever built that did it
Whoever built that did it qu
Whoever built that did it quic
Whoever built that did it quick
to
too
Whoever built that did it quick
too be
too beca
Whoever built that did it quick
too becaus
too because
Whoever built that did it quick
too because th
too because that
Whoever built that did it quick
too because that w
too because that was
Whoever built that did it quick
too because that was n
too because that was not
Whoever built that did it quick
too because that was not t
too because that was not the
Whoever built that did it quick
too because that was not there
th
thre
too because that was not there
three
three mo
too because that was not there
three mont
three months
too because that was not there
three months a
three months ago
too because that was not there
three months ago.
»>
»> S
three months ago.
»> Shi
»> Shit.
>» Shit.
If
If t
>» Shit.
If the
If they
>» Shit.
If they ha
If they have
>» Shit.
If they have t
If they have the
>» Shit.
If they have the m
If they have the man
>» Shit.
If they have the manpo
If they have the manpowe
>» Shit.
If they have the manpower
If they have the manpower to
>» Shit.
If they have the manpower to l
If they have the manpower to lay
a
a ne
If they have the manpower to lay
a new
a new tr
If they have the manpower to lay
a new trac
a new track,
If they have the manpower to lay
a new track, h
a new track, how
If they have the manpower to lay
a new track, how m
a new track, how man
If they have the manpower to lay
a new track, how many
a new track, how many mo
If they have the manpower to lay
a new track, how many more
of
of t
a new track, how many more
of the
of them
a new track, how many more
of them ar
of them are
a new track, how many more
of them are ou
of them are out
a new track, how many more
of them are out th
of them are out ther
a new track, how many more
of them are out there?
»>
»> O
of them are out there?
»> Oka
»> Okay,
of them are out there?
»> Okay, w
»> Okay, wel
of them are out there?
»> Okay, well,
»> Okay, well, w
of them are out there?
»> Okay, well, we'
»> Okay, well, we're
of them are out there?
»> Okay, well, we're g
»> Okay, well, we're goi
of them are out there?
»> Okay, well, we're going
»> Okay, well, we're going E
of them are out there?
»> Okay, well, we're going Eas
»> Okay, well, we're going East,
>» Okay, well, we're going East,
so
so w
>» Okay, well, we're going East,
so wha
so what'
>» Okay, well, we're going East,
so what's
so what's Ea
>» Okay, well, we're going East,
so what's East
so what's East o
>» Okay, well, we're going East,
so what's East of
so what's East of he
>» Okay, well, we're going East,
so what's East of here
so what's East of here?
»>
»> U
so what's East of here?
»> Uh,
»> Uh, w
so what's East of here?
»> Uh, wel
»> Uh, well,
so what's East of here?
»> Uh, well, w
»> Uh, well, we
so what's East of here?
»> Uh, well, we tu
»> Uh, well, we turn
so what's East of here?
»> Uh, well, we turned
»> Uh, well, we turned b
so what's East of here?
»> Uh, well, we turned bef
»> Uh, well, we turned befor
so what's East of here?
»> Uh, well, we turned before
>» Uh, well, we turned before
th
the
>» Uh, well, we turned before
the Et
the Ethi
>» Uh, well, we turned before
the Ethiop
the Ethiopia
>» Uh, well, we turned before
the Ethiopian
the Ethiopian Hi
>» Uh, well, we turned before
the Ethiopian High
the Ethiopian Highla
>» Uh, well, we turned before
the Ethiopian Highland
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»>
»> R
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»> Rig
»> Right
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»> Right,
»> Right, so
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»> Right, so t
»> Right, so tha
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»> Right, so that'
»> Right, so that's
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»> Right, so that's Er
»> Right, so that's Erit
the Ethiopian Highlands.
»> Right, so that's Eritre
»> Right, so that's Eritrea,
>» Right, so that's Eritrea,
or
or..
>» Right, so that's Eritrea,
or...
Dj
Djib
or...
Djibou
Djibouti
or...
Djibouti.
»>
»> D
Djibouti.
»> Dji
»> Djibo
Djibouti.
»> Djibout
»> Djibouti.
>» Djibouti.
In
Inte
>» Djibouti.
Intern
Internat
>» Djibouti.
Internatio
Internationa
>» Djibouti.
International
International tr
>» Djibouti.
International trad
International trade
>» Djibouti.
International trade hu
International trade hub
fo
for
International trade hub
for th
for the
International trade hub
for the en
for the enti
International trade hub
for the entire
for the entire c
International trade hub
for the entire con
for the entire conti
International trade hub
for the entire contine
for the entire continent
International trade hub
for the entire continent.
»>
»> I
for the entire continent.
»> Int
»> Inter
for the entire continent.
»> Interna
»> Internati
for the entire continent.
»> Internation
»> International
for the entire continent.
»> International m
»> International mil
for the entire continent.
»> International milit
»> International militar
for the entire continent.
»> International military
»> International military hu
for the entire continent.
»> International military hub.
>» International military hub.
»>
»> T
>» International military hub.
»> The
»> They'
>» International military hub.
»> They're
»> They're g
>» International military hub.
»> They're goi
»> They're going
>» International military hub.
»> They're going f
»> They're going for
>» They're going for
re
rein
>» They're going for
reinfo
reinforc
>» They're going for
reinforcem
reinforcemen
>» They're going for
reinforcements
reinforcements.
We
We h
reinforcements.
We hav
We have
reinforcements.
We have an
We have an h
reinforcements.
We have an hou
We have an hour
reinforcements.
We have an hour ma
We have an hour max
be
befo
We have an hour max
before
before w
We have an hour max
before we
before we hi
We have an hour max
before we hit
before we hit Dj
We have an hour max
before we hit Djib
before we hit Djibou
We have an hour max
before we hit Djibouti
before we hit Djibouti.
»>
»> I
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If
»> If th
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If this
»> If this w
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If this wor
»> If this works
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If this works,
»> If this works, an
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If this works, and
»> If this works, and we
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If this works, and we k
»> If this works, and we kno
before we hit Djibouti.
»> If this works, and we know
>» If this works, and we know
ou
our
>» If this works, and we know
our tr
our trai
>» If this works, and we know
our train,
our train, w
>» If this works, and we know
our train, we
our train, we me
>» If this works, and we know
our train, we mess
our train, we mess w
>» If this works, and we know
our train, we mess wit
our train, we mess with
>» If this works, and we know
our train, we mess with th
our train, we mess with them
>» If this works, and we know
our train, we mess with them,
an
and
our train, we mess with them,
and we
and we d
our train, we mess with them,
and we don
and we don't
our train, we mess with them,
and we don't l
and we don't let
our train, we mess with them,
and we don't let t
and we don't let the
our train, we mess with them,
and we don't let them
and we don't let them do
our train, we mess with them,
and we don't let them dock
and we don't let them dock.
♪
No
Now.
(S
(Sha
Now.
(Shatt
(Shatter
Now.
(Shatterin
(Shattering)
♪
>» Let's go.
Mel, come on.
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
>»
>» O
>» Oh,
>» Oh, t
>» Oh, tha
>» Oh, thank
>» Oh, thanks.
We
We n
>» Oh, thanks.
We nee
We need
>» Oh, thanks.
We need to
We need to b
>» Oh, thanks.
We need to buy
We need to buy o
>» Oh, thanks.
We need to buy our
We need to buy ourse
>» Oh, thanks.
We need to buy ourselv
We need to buy ourselves
so
some
We need to buy ourselves
some t
some tim
We need to buy ourselves
some time.
»>
»> Y
some time.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
some time.
»> Yeah, s
»> Yeah, slo
some time.
»> Yeah, slow
»> Yeah, slow th
some time.
»> Yeah, slow the
»> Yeah, slow the tr
some time.
»> Yeah, slow the trai
»> Yeah, slow the train.
>» Yeah, slow the train.
Th
This
>» Yeah, slow the train.
This w
This way
>» Yeah, slow the train.
This way.
♪
>» It's okay.
>» Find them.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Til
>» Till!
»>
»> O
>» Till!
»> Oh,
»> Oh, M
>» Till!
»> Oh, Mil
»> Oh, Miles
>» Till!
»> Oh, Miles,
>» Oh, Miles,
ha
have
>» Oh, Miles,
have y
have you
>» Oh, Miles,
have you s
have you see
>» Oh, Miles,
have you seen
have you seen Au
>» Oh, Miles,
have you seen Audr
have you seen Audrey
>» Oh, Miles,
have you seen Audrey?
»>
»> N
have you seen Audrey?
»> No.
»> No. W
have you seen Audrey?
»> No. Wha
»> No. What
have you seen Audrey?
»> No. What ha
»> No. What happ
have you seen Audrey?
»> No. What happen
»> No. What happened
have you seen Audrey?
»> No. What happened t
»> No. What happened to
have you seen Audrey?
»> No. What happened to yo
»> No. What happened to you?
>» No. What happened to you?
»>
»> N
>» No. What happened to you?
»> Not
»> Nothi
>» No. What happened to you?
»> Nothing
»> Nothing.
>» Nothing.
I
I se
>» Nothing.
I sent
I sent h
>» Nothing.
I sent her
I sent her u
>» Nothing.
I sent her upt
I sent her uptra
>» Nothing.
I sent her uptrain
to
to w
I sent her uptrain
to war
to warn
I sent her uptrain
to warn Me
to warn Mela
I sent her uptrain
to warn Melani
to warn Melanie.
»>
»> W
to warn Melanie.
»> We
»> We di
to warn Melanie.
»> We did
»> We did ge
to warn Melanie.
»> We did get
»> We did get wa
to warn Melanie.
»> We did get warn
»> We did get warned
to warn Melanie.
»> We did get warned.
>» We did get warned.
»>
»> Y
>» We did get warned.
»> Yea
»> Yeah?
>» Yeah?
»>
»> S
>» Yeah?
»> Som
»> Someo
>» Yeah?
»> Someone
»> Someone s
>» Yeah?
»> Someone sig
»> Someone signa
>» Yeah?
»> Someone signale
»> Someone signaled
>» Yeah?
»> Someone signaled us
>» Someone signaled us
fr
from
>» Someone signaled us
from H
from Hos
>» Someone signaled us
from Hospi
from Hospita
>» Someone signaled us
from Hospitali
from Hospitality
>» Someone signaled us
from Hospitality.
»>
»> T
from Hospitality.
»> Tha
»> That'
from Hospitality.
»> That's
»> That's ri
from Hospitality.
»> That's righ
»> That's right
from Hospitality.
»> That's right by
»> That's right by t
from Hospitality.
»> That's right by the
»> That's right by the E
from Hospitality.
»> That's right by the Eng
»> That's right by the Engin
from Hospitality.
»> That's right by the Engine.
>» That's right by the Engine.
»>
»> I
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I h
»> I hea
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I heard
»> I heard p
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I heard peo
»> I heard peopl
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I heard people
»> I heard people ar
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I heard people are
»> I heard people are ga
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I heard people are gath
»> I heard people are gather
>» That's right by the Engine.
»> I heard people are gatherin
»> I heard people are gathering
>» I heard people are gathering
at
at t
>» I heard people are gathering
at the
at the m
>» I heard people are gathering
at the mar
at the marke
>» I heard people are gathering
at the market.
»>
»> O
at the market.
»> Oh,
»> Oh, m
at the market.
»> Oh, may
»> Oh, maybe
at the market.
»> Oh, maybe s
»> Oh, maybe she
at the market.
»> Oh, maybe she's
»> Oh, maybe she's t
at the market.
»> Oh, maybe she's the
»> Oh, maybe she's there
at the market.
»> Oh, maybe she's there.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wow
>» Wow.
A
A wh
>» Wow.
A whol
A whole
>» Wow.
A whole li
A whole libr
>» Wow.
A whole librar
A whole library
fo
for
A whole library
for Mr
for Mr.
A whole library
for Mr. Jo
for Mr. Jose
A whole library
for Mr. Joseph
for Mr. Joseph W
A whole library
for Mr. Joseph Wil
for Mr. Joseph Wilfo
A whole library
for Mr. Joseph Wilford
for Mr. Joseph Wilford..
A whole library
for Mr. Joseph Wilford...
go
goin
for Mr. Joseph Wilford...
going
going in
for Mr. Joseph Wilford...
going in c
going in cir
for Mr. Joseph Wilford...
going in circl
going in circles
for Mr. Joseph Wilford...
going in circles a
going in circles aro
for Mr. Joseph Wilford...
going in circles aroun
going in circles around
th
the
going in circles around
the Se
the Seve
going in circles around
the Seven
the Seven Wo
going in circles around
the Seven Wond
the Seven Wonder
going in circles around
the Seven Wonders
the Seven Wonders of
going in circles around
the Seven Wonders of t
the Seven Wonders of the
going in circles around
the Seven Wonders of the w
the Seven Wonders of the wor
going in circles around
the Seven Wonders of the world
the Seven Wonders of the world,
re
read
the Seven Wonders of the world,
readin
reading
the Seven Wonders of the world,
reading En
reading Engl
the Seven Wonders of the world,
reading Englis
reading English
the Seven Wonders of the world,
reading English li
reading English lite
the Seven Wonders of the world,
reading English litera
reading English literatu
the Seven Wonders of the world,
reading English literature
reading English literature,
wh
whil
reading English literature,
while
while my
reading English literature,
while my p
while my peo
reading English literature,
while my peopl
while my people
reading English literature,
while my people wo
while my people work
reading English literature,
while my people work t
while my people work the
reading English literature,
while my people work the m
while my people work the min
reading English literature,
while my people work the mines
while my people work the mines.
I
I se
while my people work the mines.
I see
I see he
while my people work the mines.
I see he e
I see he enj
while my people work the mines.
I see he enjoy
I see he enjoyed
while my people work the mines.
I see he enjoyed t
I see he enjoyed the
while my people work the mines.
I see he enjoyed the c
I see he enjoyed the cla
while my people work the mines.
I see he enjoyed the class
I see he enjoyed the classic
while my people work the mines.
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me
Me,
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I
Me, I pr
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I pref
Me, I prefer
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I prefer m
Me, I prefer mur
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I prefer murde
Me, I prefer murder
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I prefer murder my
Me, I prefer murder myst
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I prefer murder myster
Me, I prefer murder mysterie
I see he enjoyed the classics.
Me, I prefer murder mysteries.
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Al
Alth
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Althou
Although
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Although,
Although, th
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Although, ther
Although, there'
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Although, there's
Although, there's no
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Although, there's not
Although, there's not mu
Me, I prefer murder mysteries...
Although, there's not much
my
myst
Although, there's not much
myster
mystery
Although, there's not much
mystery in
mystery in t
Although, there's not much
mystery in thi
mystery in this
Although, there's not much
mystery in this mu
mystery in this murd
Although, there's not much
mystery in this murder
mystery in this murder,
is
is t
mystery in this murder,
is the
is there
mystery in this murder,
is there?
I
I kn
is there?
I know
I know w
is there?
I know who
I know who d
is there?
I know who did
I know who did i
is there?
I know who did it.
Wh
What
I know who did it.
What r
What rem
I know who did it.
What remai
What remains
I know who did it.
What remains u
What remains unk
I know who did it.
What remains unkno
What remains unknown
is
is y
What remains unknown
is you
is your
What remains unknown
is your ro
is your role
What remains unknown
is your role i
is your role in
What remains unknown
is your role in al
is your role in all
What remains unknown
is your role in all th
is your role in all this
What remains unknown
is your role in all this.
♪
Wh
What
What c
What can
What can y
What can you
What can you t
What can you tel
What can you tell
What can you tell me
ab
abou
What can you tell me
about
about Me
What can you tell me
about Mela
about Melani
What can you tell me
about Melanie
about Melanie Ca
What can you tell me
about Melanie Cavi
about Melanie Cavill
What can you tell me
about Melanie Cavill?
»>
»> S
about Melanie Cavill?
»> She
»> She's
about Melanie Cavill?
»> She's s
»> She's sma
about Melanie Cavill?
»> She's smart
»> She's smarter
about Melanie Cavill?
»> She's smarter t
»> She's smarter tha
about Melanie Cavill?
»> She's smarter than
»> She's smarter than yo
about Melanie Cavill?
»> She's smarter than you.
>» She's smarter than you.
»>
»> I
>» She's smarter than you.
»> Is
»> Is Ms
>» She's smarter than you.
»> Is Ms.
»> Is Ms. Ca
>» She's smarter than you.
»> Is Ms. Cavi
»> Is Ms. Cavill
>» Is Ms. Cavill
a
a wo
>» Is Ms. Cavill
a woma
a woman
>» Is Ms. Cavill
a woman of
a woman of i
>» Is Ms. Cavill
a woman of int
a woman of integ
>» Is Ms. Cavill
a woman of integri
a woman of integrity
>» Is Ms. Cavill
a woman of integrity?
Ho
Hono
a woman of integrity?
Honour
Honour?
Do
Does
Honour?
Does s
Does she
Honour?
Does she k
Does she kee
Honour?
Does she keep
Does she keep he
Honour?
Does she keep her
Does she keep her wo
Honour?
Does she keep her word
Does she keep her word?
»>
»> W
Does she keep her word?
»> Wha
»> What
Does she keep her word?
»> What do
»> What do y
Does she keep her word?
»> What do you
»> What do you w
Does she keep her word?
»> What do you wan
»> What do you want
>» What do you want
wi
with
>» What do you want
with M
with Mel
>» What do you want
with Melan
with Melanie
>» What do you want
with Melanie?
»>
»> T
with Melanie?
»> To
»> To pi
with Melanie?
»> To pick
»> To pick h
with Melanie?
»> To pick her
»> To pick her b
with Melanie?
»> To pick her bra
»> To pick her brain
with Melanie?
»> To pick her brain.
♪
>» Through here.
>»
>» M
>» Mel
>» Melan
>» Melanie
>» Melanie:
>» Melanie: Wh
>» Melanie: What
>» Melanie: What's
>» Melanie: What's a
>» Melanie: What's all
>» Melanie: What's all t
>» Melanie: What's all thi
>» Melanie: What's all this?
»>
»> I
>» Melanie: What's all this?
»> It'
»> It's
>» Melanie: What's all this?
»> It's wh
»> It's wher
>» Melanie: What's all this?
»> It's where
»> It's where Ru
>» Melanie: What's all this?
»> It's where Ruth
»> It's where Ruth l
>» Melanie: What's all this?
»> It's where Ruth led
>» It's where Ruth led
th
the
>» It's where Ruth led
the re
the rebe
>» It's where Ruth led
the rebell
the rebellio
>» It's where Ruth led
the rebellion
the rebellion ag
>» It's where Ruth led
the rebellion agai
the rebellion agains
>» It's where Ruth led
the rebellion against
the rebellion against Wi
>» It's where Ruth led
the rebellion against Wilf
the rebellion against Wilfor
>» It's where Ruth led
the rebellion against Wilford.
Sh
She
the rebellion against Wilford.
She sp
She spen
the rebellion against Wilford.
She spent
She spent si
the rebellion against Wilford.
She spent six
She spent six mo
the rebellion against Wilford.
She spent six mont
She spent six months
the rebellion against Wilford.
She spent six months d
She spent six months dow
the rebellion against Wilford.
She spent six months down
She spent six months down he
the rebellion against Wilford.
She spent six months down here
She spent six months down here.
»>
»> S
She spent six months down here.
»> Six
»> Six m
She spent six months down here.
»> Six mon
»> Six month
She spent six months down here.
»> Six months.
>» Six months.
An
And
>» Six months.
And I
And I be
>» Six months.
And I bet
And I bet sh
>» Six months.
And I bet she
And I bet she ne
>» Six months.
And I bet she neve
And I bet she never
>» Six months.
And I bet she never co
And I bet she never comp
>» Six months.
And I bet she never compla
And I bet she never complain
>» Six months.
And I bet she never complained
And I bet she never complained.
Th
Thin
And I bet she never complained.
Think
Think sh
And I bet she never complained.
Think she
Think she kn
And I bet she never complained.
Think she knew
Think she knew h
And I bet she never complained.
Think she knew her
Think she knew her f
And I bet she never complained.
Think she knew her fox
Think she knew her foxho
And I bet she never complained.
Think she knew her foxhole
ac
acce
Think she knew her foxhole
access
accessed
Think she knew her foxhole
accessed a
accessed a b
Think she knew her foxhole
accessed a bra
accessed a brake
Think she knew her foxhole
accessed a brake l
accessed a brake lin
Think she knew her foxhole
accessed a brake line?
»>
»> I
accessed a brake line?
»> I w
»> I wou
accessed a brake line?
»> I would
»> I wouldn'
accessed a brake line?
»> I wouldn't
»> I wouldn't pu
accessed a brake line?
»> I wouldn't put
»> I wouldn't put it
accessed a brake line?
»> I wouldn't put it p
»> I wouldn't put it pas
accessed a brake line?
»> I wouldn't put it past
»> I wouldn't put it past he
accessed a brake line?
»> I wouldn't put it past her,
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
bu
but
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
but Bi
but Big
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
but Big Al
but Big Alic
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
but Big Alice
but Big Alice wa
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
but Big Alice was
but Big Alice was go
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
but Big Alice was goin
but Big Alice was going
>» I wouldn't put it past her,
but Big Alice was going fa
but Big Alice was going far
to
too
but Big Alice was going far
too sl
too slow
but Big Alice was going far
too slow f
too slow for
but Big Alice was going far
too slow for R
too slow for Rut
but Big Alice was going far
too slow for Ruth
too slow for Ruth to
but Big Alice was going far
too slow for Ruth to g
too slow for Ruth to gri
but Big Alice was going far
too slow for Ruth to grind
too slow for Ruth to grind t
but Big Alice was going far
too slow for Ruth to grind the
br
brak
too slow for Ruth to grind the
brakes
brakes,
too slow for Ruth to grind the
brakes, ev
brakes, even
too slow for Ruth to grind the
brakes, even a
brakes, even as
too slow for Ruth to grind the
brakes, even as a
brakes, even as a th
too slow for Ruth to grind the
brakes, even as a thre
brakes, even as a threat
too slow for Ruth to grind the
brakes, even as a threat.
♪
>» No time like the present.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» Your
>» Your fr
>» Your frie
>» Your friend
>» Your friend,
>» Your friend, Ms
>» Your friend, Ms.
>» Your friend, Ms. Ca
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavi
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill?
Le
Let'
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill?
Let's
Let's ma
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill?
Let's make
Let's make a
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill?
Let's make an
Let's make an ex
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill?
Let's make an exam
Let's make an exampl
>» Your friend, Ms. Cavill?
Let's make an example.
♪
>» Till: She's not there.
Au
Audr
Audrey
Audrey!
»>
»> A
Audrey!
»> Aud
»> Audre
Audrey!
»> Audrey:
»> Audrey: T
Audrey!
»> Audrey: Til
»> Audrey: Till!
♪
Oh
Oh G
Oh God
Oh God,
Oh God, lo
Oh God, look
Oh God, look a
Oh God, look at
Oh God, look at yo
Oh God, look at you.
Yo
You
Oh God, look at you.
You lo
You look
Oh God, look at you.
You look t
You look ter
Oh God, look at you.
You look terri
You look terribl
Oh God, look at you.
You look terrible.
»>
»> G
You look terrible.
»> Get
»> Get d
You look terrible.
»> Get dow
»> Get down!
(Clamouring)
>» Hey, open the door!
♪
(D
(Din
(Dingi
(Dinging
(Dinging)
»>
»> T
(Dinging)
»> Tri
»> Trist
(Dinging)
»> Tristan
»> Tristan:
(Dinging)
»> Tristan: (O
»> Tristan: (Ove
(Dinging)
»> Tristan: (Over
»> Tristan: (Over in
(Dinging)
»> Tristan: (Over inte
»> Tristan: (Over interc
(Dinging)
»> Tristan: (Over intercom
»> Tristan: (Over intercom)
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 pa
100 pass
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 passen
100 passenge
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 passengers
100 passengers a
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 passengers are
100 passengers are b
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 passengers are bei
100 passengers are being
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 passengers are being h
100 passengers are being hel
>» Tristan: (Over intercom)
100 passengers are being held
ca
capt
100 passengers are being held
captiv
captive
100 passengers are being held
captive in
captive in a
100 passengers are being held
captive in a p
captive in a par
100 passengers are being held
captive in a parti
captive in a partial
100 passengers are being held
captive in a partially
br
brea
captive in a partially
breach
breached
captive in a partially
breached c
breached car
captive in a partially
breached car.
♪
In
In 2
In 20
In 20 mi
In 20 minu
In 20 minute
In 20 minutes,
th
they
In 20 minutes,
they w
they wil
In 20 minutes,
they will
they will fr
In 20 minutes,
they will free
they will freeze
In 20 minutes,
they will freeze..
they will freeze...
un
unle
they will freeze...
unless
unless M
they will freeze...
unless Mel
unless Melan
they will freeze...
unless Melanie
unless Melanie C
they will freeze...
unless Melanie Cav
unless Melanie Cavil
they will freeze...
unless Melanie Cavill
su
surr
unless Melanie Cavill
surren
surrende
unless Melanie Cavill
surrenders
surrenders.
♪
(Clamouring)
Tristan:
They're in the Market car!
They've got two guards--
Don't be a hero.
They rarely survive.
Shoot!
Two guards, two
guards in the Market,
that's one
at each entrance.
One gunman,
we can handle that.
Wait.
If there are
two at the Market,
one's driving,
another at the Ark door,
that means there's only
one left to guard the Admiral.
This is our chance to
take back the Engine.
There's a hundred passengers
about to freeze to death.
We need to focus
on freeing them.
Yes, we will
from the Engine.
The driver's cab
has that failsafe.
If the temperature drops near
freezing the doors will open
to flush out the cold air.
I can rewire the airflow system
from the Engine's airshaft.
To freeze the Engine?
The doors will open
before it freezes.
That failsafe's a gamble.
We've never tested it.
Yeah, it'll work.
How do you plan to
get in the airshaft?
The only access is
through the Engine.
Not if you
open the intake.
That's completely crazy, Mel.
You're gonna crawl through
the intake from outside?
♪
I told you not
to open the door.
Yeah, but I did.
♪
I did.
And now we have to
get back the Engine.
You better make sure
they don't see you coming.
Let's go.
(C
(Cla
(Clamo
(Clamour
(Clamourin
(Clamouring)
The temperature's
dropping fast.
(Panting)
Man:
Out of my way!
Woman:
Quit shoving!
Man 2:
Let us out!
Till:
We'll have to seal the hole.
Your lips are blue.
Everybody's lips are gonna be
blue if we don't get on it.
Help each other.
Go.
Okay, everyone!
Everybody get in the
centre right here!
(Panting)
Get really close.
Get all the blankets
you can, anything--
(Clamouring)
(Panting, wincing)
Hey.
Uh, hold this.
Why?
You're, uh, gonna help
me plug up that hole.
(Clamouring)
(Panting)
♪
Okay, be careful.
Okay, okay.
(Panting)
♪
(Grunting)
It's not sticking.
It froze on the way up.
(Panting)
Wait.
Alcohol has a lower
freezing temperature.
(Grunting, wincing)
Shove it in the hole.
(Panting)
♪
Good job.
Okay, now go back
to where it's warmer.
Audrey:
Everyone, please.
Get together.
Huddle, huddle together
as close as you can.
Everyone, together.
Huddle together as close
as you can, please.
♪
(Mechanical whirring)
Ben: When you reach the Engine
I'll open the intakes for you.
(Melanie panting)
♪
(Wind howling)
Yes, that's why
we're arriving late.
She did something
to the brakes.
Man: (On radio)
Are 100 people
really going
to die for that?
That's up to her.
I'll deal with the
fallout either way.
You just make sure you hold
up your end of the bargain.
Hello?
Man:
What's your updated ETA?
Should be there
in under 20.
Be ready for us.
Let's move out.
Ben:
Come in, Melanie.
Melanie,
can you hear me?
Melanie: Ben?
Are you there?
You know,
I've been thinking,
reception's
pretty lousy here
for a luxury liner.
Melanie:
Remind me when we get home.
I'll file a complaint.
Okay, made it.
♪
Ben:
Intakes are activated.
Melanie:
Intake's right here.
Ben: Good.
How's it look?
Like if I entered
I'd be sprayed out.
That's very visual,
thank you.
♪
Melanie:
Ben, we're gong underground.
Ben: (Unclear).
Melanie: Any day now.
Ben: Initializing
cleaning protocol sequence.
(Beeping)
Clear, clear!
Go, go, go!
♪
Audrey:
It's negative 40.
Jesus-mother-of-god-damn-shit
it's cold.
I bet you wish you
went to New Eden, huh?
(Chuckling)
♪
You have a way with
people on this train.
I admire that in you.
No, don't do that.
We're gonna be okay.
You bought us time by
plugging that hole.
(Room din)
(Shivering)
When the train's separating
and you were standing
on the other side of the door...
did it ever
cross your mind
to join me in New Eden?
(Room din)
Yes, of course.
♪
Melanie:
I'm at the control panel.
Ben:
You're making good time.
(Keys clicking)
Melanie:
Airflow re-routed.
Ben:
Mel, they're decelerating.
Melanie: I know.
They (Unclear).
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
(Alarm wailing)
You can't kill me.
You would
have already.
♪
Did they order
you not to?
♪
(Gasping)
Let's get out of here.
Miles, Miles.
Get out of my Engine.
This is your last warning
'cause I will shoot.
Man:
Don't do that, Mel.
(Footsteps)
♪
Nima?
Could, could
we please just--
Are we connected
to the power grid?
Woman:
Affirmative, sir.
Upon arrival.
Gives you time
to catch up.
-It's nice to see you--
-How did you--
How did you survive?
Where were you? Here?
International Peacekeeping
conscripted my research team
when the weather turned.
You're MIT fellowship?
No, selection
wasn't up to me.
Nothing was.
Um, US Air Force flew
me here to this bunker
along with another
80 scientists and engineers
tasked with correcting
the government's mistakes,
or as they preferred to say,
pioneering the next
age for humankind.
I haven't seen the
sky since that flight.
Well, your Admiral
hijacked my train.
-Yeah, I can explain.
-Why didn't he explain?
-You were threatening him.
-That's bullshit.
It
It w
It was
It was a
It was an
It was an am
It was an ambu
It was an ambush
It was an ambush r
It was an ambush rig
It was an ambush right
fr
from
It was an ambush right
from t
from the
It was an ambush right
from the s
from the sta
It was an ambush right
from the start
from the start.
He
He s
from the start.
He sho
He shot
from the start.
He shot a
He shot a pa
from the start.
He shot a pass
He shot a passen
from the start.
He shot a passenge
He shot a passenger,
from the start.
He shot a passenger, h
He shot a passenger, he
from the start.
He shot a passenger, he he
He shot a passenger, he held
a
a gu
He shot a passenger, he held
a gun
a gun to
He shot a passenger, he held
a gun to B
a gun to Ben
He shot a passenger, he held
a gun to Ben's
a gun to Ben's h
He shot a passenger, he held
a gun to Ben's hea
a gun to Ben's head.
He
He t
a gun to Ben's head.
He thr
He threa
a gun to Ben's head.
He threate
He threatene
a gun to Ben's head.
He threatened
He threatened to
a gun to Ben's head.
He threatened to f
He threatened to fre
a gun to Ben's head.
He threatened to freez
He threatened to freeze
a gun to Ben's head.
He threatened to freeze a
He threatened to freeze a ca
a gun to Ben's head.
He threatened to freeze a car
of
of c
He threatened to freeze a car
of civ
of civil
He threatened to freeze a car
of civilia
of civilians
He threatened to freeze a car
of civilians.
»>
»> A
of civilians.
»> Adm
»> Admir
of civilians.
»> Admiral
»> Admiral M
of civilians.
»> Admiral Mil
»> Admiral Miliu
of civilians.
»> Admiral Milius
»> Admiral Milius ha
of civilians.
»> Admiral Milius has
»> Admiral Milius has a
of civilians.
»> Admiral Milius has a te
»> Admiral Milius has a temp
of civilians.
»> Admiral Milius has a temper
»> Admiral Milius has a temper.
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I
I do
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don'
I don't
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't ag
I don't agre
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't agree
I don't agree wi
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't agree with
I don't agree with h
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't agree with his
I don't agree with his t
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't agree with his tac
I don't agree with his tacti
>» Admiral Milius has a temper.
I don't agree with his tactics
bu
but
I don't agree with his tactics
but he
but he i
I don't agree with his tactics
but he is
but he is un
I don't agree with his tactics
but he is unco
but he is uncomp
I don't agree with his tactics
but he is uncompro
but he is uncompromi
I don't agree with his tactics
but he is uncompromisi
but he is uncompromising
I don't agree with his tactics
but he is uncompromising.
An
And
but he is uncompromising.
And Sn
And Snow
but he is uncompromising.
And Snowpi
And Snowpier
but he is uncompromising.
And Snowpierce
And Snowpiercer
but he is uncompromising.
And Snowpiercer ne
And Snowpiercer need
but he is uncompromising.
And Snowpiercer needed
And Snowpiercer needed t
but he is uncompromising.
And Snowpiercer needed to
do
dock
And Snowpiercer needed to
dock h
dock her
And Snowpiercer needed to
dock here.
»>
»> W
dock here.
»> Wel
»> Well,
dock here.
»> Well, w
»> Well, we'
dock here.
»> Well, we're
»> Well, we're h
dock here.
»> Well, we're her
»> Well, we're here.
>» Well, we're here.
So
So..
>» Well, we're here.
So...
So... Wh
>» Well, we're here.
So... Why?
»>
»> M
So... Why?
»> My
»> My re
So... Why?
»> My rese
»> My resear
So... Why?
»> My research
»> My research t
So... Why?
»> My research tea
»> My research team
So... Why?
»> My research team ha
»> My research team has
>» My research team has
de
deve
>» My research team has
develo
develope
>» My research team has
developed
developed a
>» My research team has
developed a co
developed a comp
>» My research team has
developed a compou
developed a compound
>» My research team has
developed a compound t
developed a compound tha
>» My research team has
developed a compound that
tr
trig
developed a compound that
trigge
triggers
developed a compound that
triggers C
triggers CW-
developed a compound that
triggers CW-7
triggers CW-7 to
developed a compound that
triggers CW-7 to d
triggers CW-7 to den
developed a compound that
triggers CW-7 to denat
triggers CW-7 to denatur
developed a compound that
triggers CW-7 to denature
triggers CW-7 to denature in
developed a compound that
triggers CW-7 to denature in t
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
up
uppe
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper
upper at
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper atmo
upper atmosp
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper atmosphe
upper atmosphere
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper atmosphere a
upper atmosphere and
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper atmosphere and f
upper atmosphere and fal
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper atmosphere and fall
upper atmosphere and fall fr
triggers CW-7 to denature in the
upper atmosphere and fall from
th
the
upper atmosphere and fall from
the sk
the sky.
upper atmosphere and fall from
the sky. W
the sky. We'
upper atmosphere and fall from
the sky. We've
the sky. We've o
upper atmosphere and fall from
the sky. We've onl
the sky. We've only
upper atmosphere and fall from
the sky. We've only la
the sky. We've only laun
upper atmosphere and fall from
the sky. We've only launch
the sky. We've only launched
mi
miss
the sky. We've only launched
missil
missiles
the sky. We've only launched
missiles f
missiles fro
the sky. We've only launched
missiles from
missiles from a
the sky. We've only launched
missiles from a si
missiles from a sing
the sky. We've only launched
missiles from a single
missiles from a single l
the sky. We've only launched
missiles from a single loc
missiles from a single locat
the sky. We've only launched
missiles from a single locatio
missiles from a single location.
Bu
But
missiles from a single location.
But ou
But our
missiles from a single location.
But our co
But our comp
missiles from a single location.
But our compou
But our compound
missiles from a single location.
But our compound f
But our compound fol
missiles from a single location.
But our compound follo
But our compound followe
missiles from a single location.
But our compound followed
we
weat
But our compound followed
weathe
weather
But our compound followed
weather pa
weather patt
But our compound followed
weather patter
weather patterns
But our compound followed
weather patterns a
weather patterns acr
But our compound followed
weather patterns acros
weather patterns across
But our compound followed
weather patterns across ha
weather patterns across half
th
the
weather patterns across half
the eq
the equa
weather patterns across half
the equato
the equator,
weather patterns across half
the equator, c
the equator, cre
weather patterns across half
the equator, creat
the equator, creatin
weather patterns across half
the equator, creating
the equator, creating si
weather patterns across half
the equator, creating six
the equator, creating six wa
weather patterns across half
the equator, creating six warm
sp
spot
the equator, creating six warm
spots.
»>
»> S
spots.
»> Sul
»> Sulaw
spots.
»> Sulawes
»> Sulawesi,
spots.
»> Sulawesi, G
»> Sulawesi, Guj
spots.
»> Sulawesi, Gujar
»> Sulawesi, Gujarat
spots.
»> Sulawesi, Gujarat,
»> Sulawesi, Gujarat, Ma
spots.
»> Sulawesi, Gujarat, Mana
»> Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managu
spots.
»> Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
At
Atac
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacam
Atacama,
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacama, K
Atacama, Kor
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacama, Korea
Atacama, Korea,
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacama, Korea, an
Atacama, Korea, and
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacama, Korea, and th
Atacama, Korea, and the
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacama, Korea, and the Ho
Atacama, Korea, and the Horn
>» Sulawesi, Gujarat, Managua,
Atacama, Korea, and the Horn.
»>
»> T
Atacama, Korea, and the Horn.
»> Tha
»> That
Atacama, Korea, and the Horn.
»> That wa
»> That was
Atacama, Korea, and the Horn.
»> That was yo
»> That was you?
>» That was you?
»>
»> M
>» That was you?
»> My
»> My te
>» That was you?
»> My team
»> My team.
>» My team.
Bu
But
>» My team.
But no
But now
>» My team.
But now we
But now we'v
>» My team.
But now we've
But now we've hi
>» My team.
But now we've hit
But now we've hit a
>» My team.
But now we've hit a ba
But now we've hit a barr
>» My team.
But now we've hit a barrie
But now we've hit a barrier.
Th
Thes
But now we've hit a barrier.
These
These wa
But now we've hit a barrier.
These warm
These warm s
But now we've hit a barrier.
These warm spo
These warm spots
But now we've hit a barrier.
These warm spots--
These warm spots-- t
But now we've hit a barrier.
These warm spots-- the
These warm spots-- they
But now we've hit a barrier.
These warm spots-- they ne
These warm spots-- they need
But now we've hit a barrier.
These warm spots-- they need t
These warm spots-- they need to
gr
grow
These warm spots-- they need to
grow a
grow and
These warm spots-- they need to
grow and m
grow and mix
These warm spots-- they need to
grow and mix a
grow and mix and
These warm spots-- they need to
grow and mix and f
grow and mix and fee
These warm spots-- they need to
grow and mix and feed
grow and mix and feed of
These warm spots-- they need to
grow and mix and feed off
grow and mix and feed off on
These warm spots-- they need to
grow and mix and feed off one
an
anot
grow and mix and feed off one
anothe
another
grow and mix and feed off one
another in
another into
grow and mix and feed off one
another into a
another into a w
grow and mix and feed off one
another into a web
another into a web t
grow and mix and feed off one
another into a web tha
another into a web that
grow and mix and feed off one
another into a web that ex
another into a web that exte
grow and mix and feed off one
another into a web that extend
another into a web that extends
ac
acro
another into a web that extends
across
across t
another into a web that extends
across the
across the g
another into a web that extends
across the glo
across the globe
another into a web that extends
across the globe.
Bu
But
across the globe.
But wi
But with
across the globe.
But with h
But with hal
across the globe.
But with half
But with half th
across the globe.
But with half the
But with half the eq
across the globe.
But with half the equa
But with half the equato
across the globe.
But with half the equator
But with half the equator st
across the globe.
But with half the equator stil
But with half the equator still
in
in d
But with half the equator still
in dee
in deep
But with half the equator still
in deep fr
in deep free
But with half the equator still
in deep freeze
in deep freeze,
But with half the equator still
in deep freeze, th
in deep freeze, ther
But with half the equator still
in deep freeze, there'
in deep freeze, there's
no
no p
in deep freeze, there's
no poi
no point
in deep freeze, there's
no point.
It
It's
no point.
It's s
It's six
no point.
It's six c
It's six can
no point.
It's six candl
It's six candles
no point.
It's six candles i
It's six candles in
no point.
It's six candles in a
It's six candles in a bl
no point.
It's six candles in a bliz
It's six candles in a blizza
no point.
It's six candles in a blizzard
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It
It's
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's w
It's why
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why w
It's why we
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why we ne
It's why we need
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why we need S
It's why we need Sno
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why we need Snowp
It's why we need Snowpie
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why we need Snowpierc
It's why we need Snowpiercer
It's six candles in a blizzard.
It's why we need Snowpiercer t
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
he
help
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help l
help lau
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help launc
help launch
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help launch ou
help launch our
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help launch our co
help launch our comp
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help launch our compou
help launch our compound
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help launch our compound f
help launch our compound fro
It's why we need Snowpiercer to
help launch our compound from
th
the
help launch our compound from
the op
the oppo
help launch our compound from
the opposi
the opposite
help launch our compound from
the opposite s
the opposite sid
help launch our compound from
the opposite side
the opposite side of
help launch our compound from
the opposite side of t
the opposite side of the
help launch our compound from
the opposite side of the p
the opposite side of the pla
help launch our compound from
the opposite side of the plane
the opposite side of the planet.
»>
»> W
the opposite side of the planet.
»> Wha
»> What'
the opposite side of the planet.
»> What's
»> What's th
the opposite side of the planet.
»> What's the
»> What's the ch
the opposite side of the planet.
»> What's the chan
»> What's the chance
the opposite side of the planet.
»> What's the chance i
»> What's the chance it
>» What's the chance it
wi
will
>» What's the chance it
will w
will wor
>» What's the chance it
will work?
»>
»> I
will work?
»> It
»> It di
will work?
»> It did
»> It did wo
will work?
»> It did work
»> It did work.
>» It did work.
I'
I'll
>» It did work.
I'll s
I'll sho
>» It did work.
I'll show
I'll show yo
>» It did work.
I'll show you.
♪
We
We s
We sti
We still
We still h
We still hav
We still have
We still have on
We still have one
We still have one wo
We still have one work
We still have one workin
We still have one working
sa
sate
We still have one working
satell
satellit
We still have one working
satellite.
♪
>»
>» T
>» The
>» They'
>» They're
>» They're l
>» They're liv
>» They're livin
>» They're living
>» They're living ou
>» They're living outs
>» They're living outsid
>» They're living outside.
»>
»> T
>» They're living outside.
»> Thi
»> This
>» They're living outside.
»> This is
»> This is e
>» They're living outside.
»> This is eve
»> This is every
>» They're living outside.
»> This is every t
»> This is every tri
>» They're living outside.
»> This is every trial
»> This is every trial,
>» This is every trial,
ev
ever
>» This is every trial,
every
every te
>» This is every trial,
every test
every test w
>» This is every trial,
every test we'
every test we've
>» This is every trial,
every test we've r
every test we've run
>» This is every trial,
every test we've run.
Go
Go t
every test we've run.
Go thr
Go throu
every test we've run.
Go through
Go through i
every test we've run.
Go through it.
♪
We
We'r
We're
We're on
We're on t
We're on the
We're on the v
We're on the ver
We're on the verge
We're on the verge o
We're on the verge of
a
a br
We're on the verge of
a brea
a breakt
We're on the verge of
a breakthr
a breakthrou
We're on the verge of
a breakthrough
a breakthrough.
Th
This
a breakthrough.
This c
This col
a breakthrough.
This colon
This colony
a breakthrough.
This colony li
This colony livi
a breakthrough.
This colony living
This colony living i
a breakthrough.
This colony living in
th
the
This colony living in
the Ho
the Horn
This colony living in
the Horn..
the Horn...
Wh
What
the Horn...
What i
What if
the Horn...
What if we
What if we c
the Horn...
What if we can
What if we can m
the Horn...
What if we can mak
What if we can make
the Horn...
What if we can make it
li
like
What if we can make it
like t
like tha
What if we can make it
like that
like that ev
What if we can make it
like that ever
like that everyw
What if we can make it
like that everywhe
like that everywhere
What if we can make it
like that everywhere?
♪
>»
>» T
>» Two
>» Two f
>» Two flo
>» Two floor
>» Two floors
>» Two floors of
>» Two floors of s
>» Two floors of sup
>» Two floors of super
>» Two floors of superco
>» Two floors of supercomp
>» Two floors of supercomput
>» Two floors of supercomputer
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
En
Engi
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engine
Engineer
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engineerin
Engineering
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engineering a
Engineering a pr
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engineering a proj
Engineering a projec
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engineering a project
Engineering a project of
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engineering a project of t
Engineering a project of thi
>» Two floors of supercomputers?
Engineering a project of this
sc
scop
Engineering a project of this
scope,
scope, w
Engineering a project of this
scope, we
scope, we wo
Engineering a project of this
scope, we woul
scope, we wouldn
Engineering a project of this
scope, we wouldn't
scope, we wouldn't e
Engineering a project of this
scope, we wouldn't eve
scope, we wouldn't even
Engineering a project of this
scope, we wouldn't even th
scope, we wouldn't even thin
Engineering a project of this
scope, we wouldn't even think
to
to c
scope, we wouldn't even think
to con
to consi
scope, we wouldn't even think
to conside
to consider
scope, we wouldn't even think
to consider it
to consider it b
scope, we wouldn't even think
to consider it but
to consider it but..
scope, we wouldn't even think
to consider it but...
it
it's
to consider it but...
it's p
it's pos
to consider it but...
it's possi
it's possibl
to consider it but...
it's possible.
»>
»> I
it's possible.
»> I'd
»> I'd h
it's possible.
»> I'd hav
»> I'd have
it's possible.
»> I'd have th
»> I'd have the
it's possible.
»> I'd have the co
»> I'd have the comp
it's possible.
»> I'd have the comput
»> I'd have the computin
it's possible.
»> I'd have the computing
»> I'd have the computing po
it's possible.
»> I'd have the computing powe
»> I'd have the computing power
>» I'd have the computing power
he
here
>» I'd have the computing power
here f
here for
>» I'd have the computing power
here for m
here for mod
>» I'd have the computing power
here for model
here for modelin
>» I'd have the computing power
here for modeling
here for modeling an
>» I'd have the computing power
here for modeling and
si
simu
here for modeling and
simula
simulati
here for modeling and
simulation
simulation,
here for modeling and
simulation, an
simulation, and
here for modeling and
simulation, and la
simulation, and labs
fo
for
simulation, and labs
for ch
for chem
simulation, and labs
for chemic
for chemical
simulation, and labs
for chemical t
for chemical tes
simulation, and labs
for chemical testi
for chemical testing
simulation, and labs
for chemical testing.
»>
»> W
for chemical testing.
»> We
»> We co
for chemical testing.
»> We coul
»> We could
for chemical testing.
»> We could sh
»> We could shor
for chemical testing.
»> We could shorte
»> We could shorten
for chemical testing.
»> We could shorten th
»> We could shorten the
for chemical testing.
»> We could shorten the tr
»> We could shorten the trai
for chemical testing.
»> We could shorten the train'
»> We could shorten the train's
>» We could shorten the train's
re
revo
>» We could shorten the train's
revolu
revoluti
>» We could shorten the train's
revolution
revolution,
>» We could shorten the train's
revolution, co
revolution, come
>» We could shorten the train's
revolution, come b
revolution, come by
>» We could shorten the train's
revolution, come by he
revolution, come by here
>» We could shorten the train's
revolution, come by here m
revolution, come by here mon
>» We could shorten the train's
revolution, come by here month
revolution, come by here monthly
to
to p
revolution, come by here monthly
to pic
to pick
revolution, come by here monthly
to pick up
to pick up y
revolution, come by here monthly
to pick up you
to pick up your
revolution, come by here monthly
to pick up your bl
to pick up your blue
revolution, come by here monthly
to pick up your bluepr
to pick up your blueprin
revolution, come by here monthly
to pick up your blueprints
an
and
to pick up your blueprints
and da
and data
to pick up your blueprints
and data.
»>
»> S
and data.
»> So
»> So ho
and data.
»> So how
»> So how ab
and data.
»> So how abou
»> So how about
and data.
»> So how about th
»> So how about the
and data.
»> So how about the tr
»> So how about the trai
and data.
»> So how about the train?
>» So how about the train?
Sa
Say
>» So how about the train?
Say I'
Say I'm
>» So how about the train?
Say I'm ab
Say I'm able
>» So how about the train?
Say I'm able t
Say I'm able to
>» So how about the train?
Say I'm able to en
Say I'm able to engi
>» So how about the train?
Say I'm able to engine
Say I'm able to engineer
th
the
Say I'm able to engineer
the re
the retr
Say I'm able to engineer
the retrof
the retrofit
Say I'm able to engineer
the retrofit t
the retrofit to
Say I'm able to engineer
the retrofit to ca
the retrofit to carr
Say I'm able to engineer
the retrofit to carry
the retrofit to carry ou
Say I'm able to engineer
the retrofit to carry out
th
this
the retrofit to carry out
this m
this mis
the retrofit to carry out
this missi
this mission
the retrofit to carry out
this mission.
»>
»> C
this mission.
»> Can
»> Can s
this mission.
»> Can she
»> Can she h
this mission.
»> Can she han
»> Can she handl
this mission.
»> Can she handle
»> Can she handle it
this mission.
»> Can she handle it?
>» Can she handle it?
»>
»> W
>» Can she handle it?
»> Wha
»> What
>» Can she handle it?
»> What do
»> What do y
>» Can she handle it?
»> What do you
»> What do you t
>» Can she handle it?
»> What do you thi
»> What do you think
>» Can she handle it?
»> What do you think?
>» What do you think?
»>
»> R
>» What do you think?
»> Rem
»> Remod
>» What do you think?
»> Remodel
»> Remodelin
>» What do you think?
»> Remodeling
»> Remodeling wo
>» What do you think?
»> Remodeling woul
»> Remodeling would
>» What do you think?
»> Remodeling would li
»> Remodeling would like
>» What do you think?
»> Remodeling would likely
>» Remodeling would likely
ca
caus
>» Remodeling would likely
cause
cause ir
>» Remodeling would likely
cause irre
cause irrevo
>» Remodeling would likely
cause irrevoca
cause irrevocabl
>» Remodeling would likely
cause irrevocable
cause irrevocable da
>» Remodeling would likely
cause irrevocable dama
cause irrevocable damage
>» Remodeling would likely
cause irrevocable damage.
Bu
But.
cause irrevocable damage.
But...
is
isn'
But...
isn't
isn't th
But...
isn't that
isn't that t
But...
isn't that the
isn't that the p
But...
isn't that the poi
isn't that the point
But...
isn't that the point?
If
If w
isn't that the point?
If we'
If we're
isn't that the point?
If we're s
If we're suc
isn't that the point?
If we're succe
If we're success
isn't that the point?
If we're successfu
If we're successful,
isn't that the point?
If we're successful, w
If we're successful, we
isn't that the point?
If we're successful, we do
If we're successful, we don'
isn't that the point?
If we're successful, we don't
ne
need
If we're successful, we don't
need a
need a t
If we're successful, we don't
need a tra
need a train
If we're successful, we don't
need a train t
need a train to
If we're successful, we don't
need a train to st
need a train to stay
al
aliv
need a train to stay
alive
alive an
need a train to stay
alive anym
alive anymor
need a train to stay
alive anymore.
»>
»> I
alive anymore.
»> It'
»> It's
alive anymore.
»> It's as
»> It's aski
alive anymore.
»> It's asking
»> It's asking a
alive anymore.
»> It's asking a l
»> It's asking a lot
>» It's asking a lot
fr
from
>» It's asking a lot
from t
from the
>» It's asking a lot
from the p
from the pas
>» It's asking a lot
from the passe
from the passeng
>» It's asking a lot
from the passenger
from the passengers.
>» It's asking a lot
from the passengers. T
from the passengers. The
>» It's asking a lot
from the passengers. They'
from the passengers. They'd
be
be d
from the passengers. They'd
be doi
be doing
from the passengers. They'd
be doing t
be doing the
from the passengers. They'd
be doing the h
be doing the hea
from the passengers. They'd
be doing the heavy
be doing the heavy l
from the passengers. They'd
be doing the heavy lif
be doing the heavy lifti
from the passengers. They'd
be doing the heavy lifting
be doing the heavy lifting.
»>
»> W
be doing the heavy lifting.
»> We'
»> We'd
be doing the heavy lifting.
»> We'd pr
»> We'd prio
be doing the heavy lifting.
»> We'd priori
»> We'd prioriti
be doing the heavy lifting.
»> We'd prioritize
»> We'd prioritize e
be doing the heavy lifting.
»> We'd prioritize ess
»> We'd prioritize essen
be doing the heavy lifting.
»> We'd prioritize essenti
»> We'd prioritize essential
>» We'd prioritize essential
la
labo
>» We'd prioritize essential
labour
labour a
>» We'd prioritize essential
labour and
labour and s
>» We'd prioritize essential
labour and sys
labour and syste
>» We'd prioritize essential
labour and systems
labour and systems.
St
Stil
labour and systems.
Still,
Still, i
labour and systems.
Still, it'
Still, it'd
labour and systems.
Still, it'd be
Still, it'd be t
labour and systems.
Still, it'd be tri
Still, it'd be trick
labour and systems.
Still, it'd be tricky.
We
We'd
Still, it'd be tricky.
We'd h
We'd hav
Still, it'd be tricky.
We'd have
We'd have to
Still, it'd be tricky.
We'd have to e
We'd have to ext
Still, it'd be tricky.
We'd have to exten
We'd have to extend
Still, it'd be tricky.
We'd have to extend ho
We'd have to extend hour
Still, it'd be tricky.
We'd have to extend hours.
»>
»> B
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But
»> But w
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But whe
»> But when
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But when we
»> But when we t
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But when we tel
»> But when we tell
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But when we tell th
»> But when we tell them
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But when we tell them t
»> But when we tell them tha
We'd have to extend hours.
»> But when we tell them that
>» But when we tell them that
pe
peop
>» But when we tell them that
people
people a
>» But when we tell them that
people are
people are l
>» But when we tell them that
people are liv
people are livin
>» But when we tell them that
people are living
people are living ou
>» But when we tell them that
people are living outs
people are living outsid
>» But when we tell them that
people are living outside
people are living outside of
Ne
New
people are living outside of
New Ed
New Eden
people are living outside of
New Eden,
New Eden, ho
people are living outside of
New Eden, hope
New Eden, hopefu
people are living outside of
New Eden, hopefull
New Eden, hopefully
people are living outside of
New Eden, hopefully th
New Eden, hopefully they
people are living outside of
New Eden, hopefully they'l
New Eden, hopefully they'll
people are living outside of
New Eden, hopefully they'll wa
New Eden, hopefully they'll want
to
to b
New Eden, hopefully they'll want
to be
to be a
New Eden, hopefully they'll want
to be a pa
to be a part
New Eden, hopefully they'll want
to be a part o
to be a part of
New Eden, hopefully they'll want
to be a part of th
to be a part of this
New Eden, hopefully they'll want
to be a part of this.
An
And
to be a part of this.
And we
And we'd
to be a part of this.
And we'd b
And we'd be
to be a part of this.
And we'd be bo
And we'd be boar
to be a part of this.
And we'd be boardi
And we'd be boarding
to be a part of this.
And we'd be boarding a
And we'd be boarding a c
to be a part of this.
And we'd be boarding a civ
And we'd be boarding a civil
to be a part of this.
And we'd be boarding a civilia
And we'd be boarding a civilian
wo
work
And we'd be boarding a civilian
workfo
workforc
And we'd be boarding a civilian
workforce
workforce to
And we'd be boarding a civilian
workforce to h
workforce to hel
And we'd be boarding a civilian
workforce to help.
workforce to help. B
And we'd be boarding a civilian
workforce to help. But
workforce to help. But n
And we'd be boarding a civilian
workforce to help. But no
mi
mili
workforce to help. But no
milita
military
workforce to help. But no
military p
military pre
workforce to help. But no
military prese
military presenc
workforce to help. But no
military presence.
An
And
military presence.
And no
And no g
military presence.
And no gun
And no guns.
I
I ha
And no guns.
I have
I have t
And no guns.
I have the
I have the A
And no guns.
I have the Adm
I have the Admir
And no guns.
I have the Admiral
I have the Admiral's
And no guns.
I have the Admiral's w
I have the Admiral's wor
And no guns.
I have the Admiral's word.
»>
»> T
I have the Admiral's word.
»> Tha
»> That
I have the Admiral's word.
»> That ma
»> That man,
I have the Admiral's word.
»> That man, w
»> That man, we
I have the Admiral's word.
»> That man, we ca
»> That man, we can'
I have the Admiral's word.
»> That man, we can't
»> That man, we can't tr
I have the Admiral's word.
»> That man, we can't trus
»> That man, we can't trust.
>» That man, we can't trust.
»>
»> N
>» That man, we can't trust.
»> No,
»> No, I
>» That man, we can't trust.
»> No, I d
»> No, I don
>» That man, we can't trust.
»> No, I don't
»> No, I don't t
>» That man, we can't trust.
»> No, I don't tru
»> No, I don't trust
>» That man, we can't trust.
»> No, I don't trust h
»> No, I don't trust him
>» That man, we can't trust.
»> No, I don't trust him.
>» No, I don't trust him.
Bu
But
>» No, I don't trust him.
But I
But I tr
>» No, I don't trust him.
But I trus
But I trust
>» No, I don't trust him.
But I trust th
But I trust the
>» No, I don't trust him.
But I trust the da
But I trust the data
>» No, I don't trust him.
But I trust the data.
Th
The
But I trust the data.
The pr
The proo
But I trust the data.
The proof
The proof is
But I trust the data.
The proof is i
The proof is in
But I trust the data.
The proof is in th
The proof is in the
But I trust the data.
The proof is in the wo
The proof is in the work
But I trust the data.
The proof is in the work.
It
It l
The proof is in the work.
It lin
It lines
The proof is in the work.
It lines u
It lines up
The proof is in the work.
It lines up wi
It lines up with
The proof is in the work.
It lines up with a
It lines up with all
The proof is in the work.
It lines up with all o
It lines up with all of
ou
our
It lines up with all of
our re
our rese
It lines up with all of
our resear
our research
It lines up with all of
our research.
»>
»> D
our research.
»> Dr.
»> Dr. N
our research.
»> Dr. Nim
»> Dr. Nima
our research.
»> Dr. Nima Ro
»> Dr. Nima Rous
our research.
»> Dr. Nima Rousse
»> Dr. Nima Rousseau
our research.
»> Dr. Nima Rousseau..
»> Dr. Nima Rousseau...
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It
It's
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's n
It's no
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's no su
It's no surp
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's no surpri
It's no surprise
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's no surprise t
It's no surprise tha
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's no surprise that
It's no surprise that at
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's no surprise that at t
It's no surprise that at the
>» Dr. Nima Rousseau...
It's no surprise that at the e
It's no surprise that at the end
of
of t
It's no surprise that at the end
of the
of the w
It's no surprise that at the end
of the wor
of the world
It's no surprise that at the end
of the world t
of the world the
It's no surprise that at the end
of the world they'
of the world they'd
It's no surprise that at the end
of the world they'd wa
of the world they'd want
to
to k
of the world they'd want
to kee
to keep
of the world they'd want
to keep hi
to keep him
of the world they'd want
to keep him ar
to keep him arou
of the world they'd want
to keep him around
to keep him around.
»>
»> H
to keep him around.
»> He'
»> He's
to keep him around.
»> He's a
»> He's a se
to keep him around.
»> He's a seri
»> He's a seriou
to keep him around.
»> He's a serious
»> He's a serious th
to keep him around.
»> He's a serious thin
»> He's a serious thinke
to keep him around.
»> He's a serious thinker.
>» He's a serious thinker.
He
He a
>» He's a serious thinker.
He alw
He alway
>» He's a serious thinker.
He always
He always ha
>» He's a serious thinker.
He always has
He always has be
>» He's a serious thinker.
He always has been
He always has been.
(S
(Sig
He always has been.
(Sighs
(Sighs)
It
It's
(Sighs)
It's a
It's a r
(Sighs)
It's a ris
It's a risk.
Wh
What
What i
What if
What if th
What if this
What if this i
What if this is
What if this is it
What if this is it?
♪
>»
>» T
>» The
>» They'
>» They're
>» They're a
>» They're ali
>» They're alive
>» They're alive.
♪
>»
>» B
>» Bef
>» Befor
>» Before
>» Before Al
>» Before Alex
>» Before Alex l
>» Before Alex lef
>» Before Alex left,
>» Before Alex left, s
>» Before Alex left, she
>» Before Alex left, she t
>» Before Alex left, she tol
>» Before Alex left, she told
>» Before Alex left, she told me
sh
she
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she co
she coul
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she couldn
she couldn't
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she couldn't r
she couldn't rem
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she couldn't remem
she couldn't remembe
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she couldn't remember
she couldn't remember th
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she couldn't remember the
she couldn't remember the ea
>» Before Alex left, she told me
she couldn't remember the eart
she couldn't remember the earth.
♪
(Overlapping chatter)
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You h
>» You hav
>» You have
>» You have th
>» You have the
>» You have the tr
>» You have the trai
>» You have the train,
>» You have the train, M
>» You have the train, Mr.
>» You have the train, Mr. K
>» You have the train, Mr. Kno
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»>
»> I
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'l
»> I'll
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'll ke
»> I'll keep
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'll keep h
»> I'll keep her
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'll keep her w
»> I'll keep her war
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'll keep her warm
»> I'll keep her warm fo
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'll keep her warm for
»> I'll keep her warm for yo
>» You have the train, Mr. Knox.
»> I'll keep her warm for you.
♪
(Mechanical whooshing)
(W
(Wor
(Worki
(Working
(Working d
(Working din
(Working din)
(Overlapping chatter)
(Buzzing)
(Driving suspense music)
♪
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm g
>» I'm gon
>» I'm gonna
>» I'm gonna m
>» I'm gonna mis
>» I'm gonna miss
>» I'm gonna miss yo
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»>
»> I
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It'
»> It's
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It's pr
»> It's prog
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It's progra
»> It's programm
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It's programmed
»> It's programmed f
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It's programmed for
»> It's programmed for N
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It's programmed for New
»> It's programmed for New E
>» I'm gonna miss you.
»> It's programmed for New Ede
»> It's programmed for New Eden,
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
pl
plea
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please
please d
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please don
please don't
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please don't t
please don't tou
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please don't touch
please don't touch t
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please don't touch the
please don't touch the s
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please don't touch the set
please don't touch the setti
>» It's programmed for New Eden,
please don't touch the setting
please don't touch the settings.
We
We'r
please don't touch the settings.
We're
We're tw
please don't touch the settings.
We're two
We're two ki
please don't touch the settings.
We're two kilo
We're two kilome
please don't touch the settings.
We're two kilomete
We're two kilometers
fr
from
We're two kilometers
from t
from the
We're two kilometers
from the d
from the dro
We're two kilometers
from the drop!
Ti
Till
from the drop!
Till,
Till, th
from the drop!
Till, than
Till, thank
from the drop!
Till, thank yo
Till, thank you.
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What
>» What if
>» What if M
>» What if Mil
>» What if Miles
>» What if Miles m
>» What if Miles mis
>» What if Miles mishe
>» What if Miles mishear
>» What if Miles misheard
th
the
>» What if Miles misheard
the Ad
the Admi
>» What if Miles misheard
the Admira
the Admiral?
»>
»> T
the Admiral?
»> The
»> The w
the Admiral?
»> The wor
»> The words
the Admiral?
»> The words "
»> The words "am
the Admiral?
»> The words "ambu
»> The words "ambush
the Admiral?
»> The words "ambush"
»> The words "ambush" an
the Admiral?
»> The words "ambush" and
»> The words "ambush" and "N
the Admiral?
»> The words "ambush" and "New
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Ed
Eden
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Eden"
Eden" ar
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Eden" are
Eden" are pr
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Eden" are pret
Eden" are pretty
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Eden" are pretty d
Eden" are pretty dis
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Eden" are pretty disti
Eden" are pretty distinc
>» The words "ambush" and "New
Eden" are pretty distinct.
»>
»> H
Eden" are pretty distinct.
»> He
»> He sa
Eden" are pretty distinct.
»> He said
»> He said t
Eden" are pretty distinct.
»> He said the
»> He said they
Eden" are pretty distinct.
»> He said they we
»> He said they were
Eden" are pretty distinct.
»> He said they were o
»> He said they were on
>» He said they were on
th
thei
>» He said they were on
their
their wa
>» He said they were on
their way?
»>
»> I
their way?
»> I d
»> I don
their way?
»> I don't
»> I don't k
their way?
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know,
their way?
»> I don't know, b
»> I don't know, but
their way?
»> I don't know, but i
»> I don't know, but if
their way?
»> I don't know, but if th
»> I don't know, but if ther
their way?
»> I don't know, but if there'
»> I don't know, but if there's
>» I don't know, but if there's
an
any
>» I don't know, but if there's
any ch
any chan
>» I don't know, but if there's
any chance
any chance t
>» I don't know, but if there's
any chance the
any chance they'
>» I don't know, but if there's
any chance they're
any chance they're p
>» I don't know, but if there's
any chance they're pla
any chance they're plann
>» I don't know, but if there's
any chance they're plannin
any chance they're planning
so
some
any chance they're planning
some s
some sor
any chance they're planning
some sort
some sort of
any chance they're planning
some sort of a
some sort of att
any chance they're planning
some sort of attac
some sort of attack
any chance they're planning
some sort of attack on
some sort of attack on o
any chance they're planning
some sort of attack on our
fr
frie
some sort of attack on our
friend
friends,
some sort of attack on our
friends, w
friends, we
some sort of attack on our
friends, we ha
friends, we have
some sort of attack on our
friends, we have t
friends, we have to
some sort of attack on our
friends, we have to wa
friends, we have to warn
some sort of attack on our
friends, we have to warn t
friends, we have to warn the
some sort of attack on our
friends, we have to warn them.
I
I ow
friends, we have to warn them.
I owe
I owe La
friends, we have to warn them.
I owe Layt
I owe Layton
friends, we have to warn them.
I owe Layton t
I owe Layton tha
friends, we have to warn them.
I owe Layton that.
»>
»> Y
I owe Layton that.
»> You
»> You'r
I owe Layton that.
»> You're
»> You're cr
I owe Layton that.
»> You're craz
»> You're crazy,
I owe Layton that.
»> You're crazy, y
»> You're crazy, you
I owe Layton that.
»> You're crazy, you k
»> You're crazy, you kno
I owe Layton that.
»> You're crazy, you know
»> You're crazy, you know th
I owe Layton that.
»> You're crazy, you know that
»> You're crazy, you know that?
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I
I wo
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I woul
I wouldn
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I wouldn't
I wouldn't l
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I wouldn't las
I wouldn't last
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I wouldn't last th
I wouldn't last thre
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I wouldn't last three
I wouldn't last three se
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I wouldn't last three seco
I wouldn't last three second
>» You're crazy, you know that?
I wouldn't last three seconds
I wouldn't last three seconds in
th
this
I wouldn't last three seconds in
this t
this thi
I wouldn't last three seconds in
this thing
this thing.
If
If y
this thing.
If you
If you d
this thing.
If you die
If you die i
this thing.
If you die in
If you die in th
this thing.
If you die in this
If you die in this t
this thing.
If you die in this thi
If you die in this thing
this thing.
If you die in this thing..
If you die in this thing....
»>
»> I
If you die in this thing....
»> I p
»> I pro
If you die in this thing....
»> I promi
»> I promise
If you die in this thing....
»> I promise t
»> I promise to
If you die in this thing....
»> I promise to co
»> I promise to come
If you die in this thing....
»> I promise to come b
»> I promise to come bac
If you die in this thing....
»> I promise to come back
>» I promise to come back
an
and
>» I promise to come back
and ha
and haun
>» I promise to come back
and haunt
and haunt yo
>» I promise to come back
and haunt you.
♪
(Driving music)
>»
>» P
>» Par
>» Paral
>» Paralle
>» Parallel
>» Parallel tr
>» Parallel trac
>» Parallel track
>» Parallel track ap
>» Parallel track appr
>» Parallel track approa
>» Parallel track approach
>» Parallel track approachin
>» Parallel track approaching.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Are
>» Are y
>» Are you
>» Are you r
>» Are you rea
>» Are you ready
>» Are you ready?
Ca
Can
>» Are you ready?
Can I
Can I br
>» Are you ready?
Can I brea
Can I breach
>» Are you ready?
Can I breach?
»>
»> N
Can I breach?
»> Not
»> Not y
Can I breach?
»> Not yet
»> Not yet.
>» Not yet.
Au
Audr
>» Not yet.
Audrey
Audrey's
>» Not yet.
Audrey's j
Audrey's jus
>» Not yet.
Audrey's just
Audrey's just ex
>» Not yet.
Audrey's just exit
Audrey's just exitin
>» Not yet.
Audrey's just exiting.
>»
>» S
>» Shi
>» Shit,
>» Shit, g
>» Shit, go!
>» Shit, go! G
>» Shit, go! Go!
>» Shit, go! Go! G
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»>
»> H
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hol
»> Hold
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hold on
»> Hold on,
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hold on, we
»> Hold on, we'v
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hold on, we've
»> Hold on, we've go
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hold on, we've got
»> Hold on, we've got a
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hold on, we've got a vi
»> Hold on, we've got a visi
>» Shit, go! Go! Go!
»> Hold on, we've got a visito
»> Hold on, we've got a visitor.
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»>
»> C
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Com
»> Come
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Come on
»> Come on,
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Come on, co
»> Come on, come
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Come on, come o
»> Come on, come on,
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Come on, come on, c
»> Come on, come on, com
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Come on, come on, come
»> Come on, come on, come on
>» Hold on, we've got a visitor.
»> Come on, come on, come on.
>» Come on, come on, come on.
(F
(Fig
>» Come on, come on, come on.
(Fight
(Fightin
>» Come on, come on, come on.
(Fighting
(Fighting gr
>» Come on, come on, come on.
(Fighting grun
(Fighting grunts
>» Come on, come on, come on.
(Fighting grunts)
(Grunting)
(Hissing, grunts)
♪
(Coughing)
>»
>» T
>» Til
>» Till,
>» Till, d
>» Till, do
>» Till, do yo
>» Till, do you
>» Till, do you co
>» Till, do you copy
>» Till, do you copy.
It
It's
>» Till, do you copy.
It's n
It's now
>» Till, do you copy.
It's now o
It's now or
>» Till, do you copy.
It's now or ne
It's now or neve
>» Till, do you copy.
It's now or never.
(Gasping)
♪
>»
>» B
>» Ben
>» Ben,
>» Ben, it
>» Ben, it's
>» Ben, it's m
>» Ben, it's me.
Yo
You
>» Ben, it's me.
You ha
You have
>» Ben, it's me.
You have t
You have to
>» Ben, it's me.
You have to se
You have to send
>» Ben, it's me.
You have to send m
You have to send me
>» Ben, it's me.
You have to send me in
You have to send me inst
>» Ben, it's me.
You have to send me instea
You have to send me instead.
»>
»> A
You have to send me instead.
»> Alr
»> Alrig
You have to send me instead.
»> Alright
»> Alright,
You have to send me instead.
»> Alright, ho
»> Alright, hold
You have to send me instead.
»> Alright, hold o
»> Alright, hold on!
(Clanking)
♪
(Hissing)
Ok
Okay
Okay,
Okay, ok
Okay, okay
Okay, okay.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Til
>» Till:
>» Till: A
>» Till: And
>» Till: And t
>» Till: And the
>» Till: And then
>» Till: And then it
>» Till: And then it w
>» Till: And then it was
>» Till: And then it was j
>» Till: And then it was jus
>» Till: And then it was just
me
me.
>» Till: And then it was just
me. Al
me. Alon
>» Till: And then it was just
me. Alone
me. Alone in
>» Till: And then it was just
me. Alone in t
me. Alone in the
>» Till: And then it was just
me. Alone in the c
me. Alone in the col
>» Till: And then it was just
me. Alone in the cold.
Ho
Hopi
me. Alone in the cold.
Hoping
Hoping I
me. Alone in the cold.
Hoping I'd
Hoping I'd r
me. Alone in the cold.
Hoping I'd rea
Hoping I'd reach
me. Alone in the cold.
Hoping I'd reach y
Hoping I'd reach you
me. Alone in the cold.
Hoping I'd reach you.
Wa
Warn
Hoping I'd reach you.
Warn y
Warn you
Hoping I'd reach you.
Warn you.
It
It's
Warn you.
It's s
It's sti
Warn you.
It's still
It's still t
Warn you.
It's still too
It's still too l
Warn you.
It's still too lat
It's still too late.
I'
I'm
I'm so
I'm sorr
I'm sorry.
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What
>» What wo
>» What woul
>» What would
>» What would th
>» What would they
>» What would they w
>» What would they wan
>» What would they want
wi
with
>» What would they want
with L
with Lia
>» What would they want
with Liana
with Liana?
>»
>» I
>» I n
>» I nee
>» I need
>» I need ai
>» I need air.
(Soft dramatic music)
♪
>»
>» A
>» All
>» All t
>» All thi
>» All this
>» All this ti
>» All this time
>» All this time I
>» All this time I t
>» All this time I tho
>» All this time I thoug
>» All this time I thought
Mi
Mile
>» All this time I thought
Miles
Miles wa
>» All this time I thought
Miles was
Miles was sa
>» All this time I thought
Miles was safe
Miles was safe.
I
I th
Miles was safe.
I thou
I though
Miles was safe.
I thought
I thought we
Miles was safe.
I thought we w
I thought we wer
Miles was safe.
I thought we were
I thought we were sa
Miles was safe.
I thought we were safe
I thought we were safe.
»>
»> M
I thought we were safe.
»> Mel
»> Melan
I thought we were safe.
»> Melanie
»> Melanie s
I thought we were safe.
»> Melanie sur
»> Melanie surre
I thought we were safe.
»> Melanie surrend
»> Melanie surrender
I thought we were safe.
»> Melanie surrenders
»> Melanie surrenders th
I thought we were safe.
»> Melanie surrenders the
»> Melanie surrenders the tr
I thought we were safe.
»> Melanie surrenders the trai
»> Melanie surrenders the train.
>» Melanie surrenders the train.
To
To s
>» Melanie surrenders the train.
To sol
To soldi
>» Melanie surrenders the train.
To soldier
To soldiers.
He
Head
To soldiers.
Headwo
Headwood
To soldiers.
Headwood t
Headwood tak
To soldiers.
Headwood takes
Headwood takes L
To soldiers.
Headwood takes Leo
Headwood takes Leon.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton,
>» Layton, w
>» Layton, whe
>» Layton, where
>» Layton, where a
>» Layton, where are
>» Layton, where are y
>» Layton, where are you
>» Layton, where are you g
>» Layton, where are you goi
>» Layton, where are you going
>» Layton, where are you going?
»>
»> T
>» Layton, where are you going?
»> To
»> To fi
>» Layton, where are you going?
»> To find
»> To find t
>» Layton, where are you going?
»> To find the
»> To find them.
♪
(Dark driving music)
(Silence)
(Soft electronic music)